Stay strong!
Reminder: most conspiracies are made to look legit ones crazy
Welcome to London in 2019
Could count for some of the humanoid encounters people have had
Maybe the anti-vax movement is secretly backed by vaccine companies to make sure that demand for their products will continue to exist.
Beerfast (Plymouth Fury Vlog 1/11/2019)
Been making "Card Carrying Conspiracy Badges" in order to learn a new piece of label/badge software. Thoughts?
WTF is going on with the quality of our fruits!!?
Was it a failed Coup?
Visit r/suicideconspiracy
Was There Really A Nuke Defused In Haifa Recently?
Would you sacrifice your internet privacy in order to get delinquents like pedos arrested?
Article says Vegas shooter paid $170,000 in credit card payments before Vegas shooting. Why would a man planning on committing murder/suicide make credit card payments???
Is it just me, or is society starting to care more about cats and DOGGOS more than children?
Suspicious, George W. Bushs twitter set to private....
Feds subpoena up to 20 officers at NYC prison where Epstein died.
For Those Who Enjoy the Weekly Reminder!
On August 16th, the day after Ghislaine's photos 'leaked' placing her in LA — there was a nationwide US Customs computer outage that affected all major airports for hours.
MKUltra
I don't think Jeffery Epstein killed himself, he was allowed to commit suicide.
Kinda strange, thought I'd share.
Probably the most important conspiracy in this subreddit.
Was just watching the movie Burn After Reading (2008) on Netflix and came across this strange scene involving Seattle and the "Third Day". Just thought it was strange timing.
Members of r/The_Donald, a community of over 700,000 Trump supporters on Reddit that has been censored by the site administrators, have compiled a report on posts promoting violence against the police from other users of Reddit.
Prince Andrew- Epstien connection.
If 9/11 was really an inside job, why has it not been repeated by other governments?
I was promised a nuclear explosion
We can put the Next LARP to bed. Everyone in Seattle not dead by nuclear blast as called out by...
Qanon Jesus Rides Again Vs Cern Alice Satanist
New Jack Ryan Season Out: Is it propaganda?
11/3/2019. I think we got it all wrong..
Tucker Carlson UNLEASHED: takes on tech oligarchs student loan debt and other issues in debate with Charlie Kirk
Tucker Carlson explains a new conspiracy about weed legalization
"Desmond Is Amazing is the future and we're here for it." Are we? Seriously?
Epstein didn't kill himself
The Evergreen State College Hosted Puck ! UN, Lucifer, Oh Yes ~
Instagram family that's trying to kill each other
Ken O’Keefe | Jewish Power, Petro Dollar, Syria, Russia, Israel's Nuclear Blackmail, Hitler and WW2.
Q AnOn JeSus RIdes AgaIN VS CERN SAtan Alice
Alan Moore on conspiracy theories: "The truth is, that it is not the Jewish banking conspiracy, or the grey aliens, or the twelve-foot reptiloids from another dimension that are in control, the truth is far more frightening; no-one is in control, the world is rudderless."
Did anybody hear any news of what happened to the Las Vegas shooter’s hard-drive? It’s been a while.
My name Jeff
QANON JESUS RIDES AGAINST CERN CONSPIRACY
Don't know if it has been post here but here it is.
CO2 is Greening The Earth and cats can talk
The russian hacking group “Fancy Bear or Cozy Bear” is in fact NSA TAO and they colluded with the CIA and hacked the DNC
9th attempt to post: MAD respect ! “Epstein didn’t kill himself”
[Meta] Mod infiltration by shills/agents conspiracy theory.
Space is complete and utter bullshit, outer space violates the second law of thermodynamics
Thought you guys would like my shirt
Scientific evidence of spiritual powers which are suppressed in modern society
Uhh
So Seattle game ended and nothing happened. This is beyond science?
Fun Time Kidz Care: So, at this point have we reached a definitive explanation about it?
ET-Alliance Activity. Taken on Redwood Forest UFOs (10-20-2019) Underground bases, radioactive chem-trails
Does anyone have information or an opinion about Gene "Chip" Tatum or his claims of covert CIA cocaine trafficking?(MOD's submission statements for youtube url links?pure bs. Can I pretty please have a post or is this gonna get removed too?)
Is Kanye West luring people into a trap?
Sunday Fun: Playing around with Badge Creation Software, so thought I would practice with an official badge... Design direction/input welcome. Thoughts?
Mad respect to this guy! “Epstein didn’t kill himself”
Paper straws were made to be terrible on purpose
If U.S. Takes Syrian Oil, It May Violate International Laws Against Pillage.
Podcast channels Recommendation
People are getting pretty woke / Pretty soon its Gonna be deleted
Just a reminder: Zuckerberg covers his camera lense and his microphone
what do we think about the seattle false flag conspiracy?
Conspiracy
So where that guy who posted last year saying he’d update us a year to the date, about doing an expedition to the center of the earth or whatever? I got the reminder, but couldn’t reply in the thread. 🤔
I have never heard of Epstein before his death, please explain
Does anyone have information or an opinion about Gene "Chip" Tatum or his claims of CIA cocaine trafficking?
Theory that humans were created by Beings from Zeta Reticuli.
How will the new world order actually be established?
There might actually be a terrorist attack in Seattle at 3:11 west time. That's about an hour from now.
Making The Connections - The connections are as clear as day - the corruption at the highest levels are exemplified by the fact that Jeffrey Epstein was allowed to die (supposedly) effectively destroying all the evidence of the pedophilia and other satanic activitied of the elites that rule earth!
"11/3 Predictive Programming Seattle. It's happening" /s
Is there link between craigslist personals posts and Epstein?
There might actually be a terrorist attack in Seattle at 3:11 west time. That's about 11min from now.
Anybody believe in AWALT? Or do you think it's just another way of dividing people?
Some OC for you to share with your friends
Ads
A few weeks before the Ukraine scandal I advised the Son of the Army Leader of Ukraine on remote Viewing
11/3/19 Seattle
Huge Seattle update
A little known fact about German shepherds
HUGE SEATTLE UPDATE
Prof. Richard Lindzen confirms that the climate alarm is based on bogus ...
Interesting idea - given the HAARP patent suggests psychological hallucination, is it a stretch to think that the Mandela effect is info planted to us via tv and music used to judge HAARPs effectiveness?
What if Epstein and Donald Trump were part of the group of pedophiles
How the Government is Poisoning the Population with Fluoride - It is now becoming crystal clear what the purpose of the fluoride and other toxins that are being added to the food and water!
Zach Vorhies interviewed on being a Google Whistleblower &amp; AI Censorship
Illuminati 100% Confirmed or am I Crazy?
Is there any major evidence disproving climate change?
Does anybody still have the bodycam footage from Kappy’s ‘suicide’ scene?
It's all one big club, and you ain't in it ----Queen Elizabeth ll Claims Relation to Islam's Prophet Muhammad.
"You'll not only lose your mind, but you'll lose your soul" | Christopher Lee On The Occult
Really makes you think
every other post has republican shills commenting
Didn’t let me cross post from r/ImGoingToHellForThis
A lot of the pedophile cases are military units subduing certain children who are destined to be a problem for them later on in life
Seattle 11/3 conspiracy, a deep state psyop to smear the credibility of conspiracy theorists?
An interesting thought; could the HAARP technology be used to essentially create Mandela effect in people as a method to judge the efficiency of the test?
Extensive List of Trump Victories Ever Since Inauguration Day - Show T H I S to Shills!
Ok... I'm here with a front row seat!😃
There are 2k extra users here right now.
Livestream from Seattle documenting potential terror attack
Follow @WarRoom2020 on Twitter
Updates on Seattle.
What happened during the 1800's that made everyone want to come to America?
I've been permanently banned from r/pics and r/askreddit for commenting on a post that said "Epstein didn't kill himself"
Ancient Aliens: Hitler and the mysterious Glocke
Youtube is attacking me with psychological violence.
Acosta needs a better answer on letting off Epstein light in 2007
NEW WORLD ORDER- Mr. Robot Season 4 Episode 2 Opening
Peter W. Smith, GOP OPERATIVE, SUICIDE, SUMMER 2017
Help!!
QAnon is back posting by popular demand.
Exxon Deletes Wayne Tracker Emails Before Trial
NEW WORLD ORDER- Mr. Robot Season 4 Episode 2 Opening
Shills?
(Open Discussion); Do you guys think there will be a “global awakening” with the recent shithole events going on in Hong Kong, Israel, Germany, and the US?? Or do you think we will continue to sleep through all the bullshit,
#StayWoke
Hanford Site To Resume Dangerous Work Three Hours From a Seattle.. Coincidence?
Is NNN a psy-op to see if social media can influence our porn habits? Is “Ok boomer” spread by bots as part of a plot to silence free speech?
Searching for a video
TIL J. Edgar Hoover recommended that Einstein be kept out of America by the Alien Exclusion Act, but he was overruled by the U.S. State Department. FBI spied on Einstein for 22 years and kept a dossier with 1400+ Pages on him.
Attention all Internet detectives- I need your help!!!
OPCW report on the alleged use of chemical weapons in Syrian East Ghouta was a sham. And so it was on Khan Shaykhun
The Threat of Fetal DNA In Vaccines
Can My Life (Or Anyone Else's Life) Prove It To Be A Simulation?
Interesting costume Jeffrey Epstein West Hollywood carnival parade!
Seattle Nuclear Threat! Have You Seen This?
US Navy Dolphins declassified documents
Conspiracies that you are not allowed to talk about in this sub
What’s ID 2020 And Are You Ready To Become Impacted By It? Is it true?
This video exposing the Heartland Institute’s lies was removed from YouTube. Climate change denial is just Big Tobacco 2.0
Does this video stop for you at 17:05?
What's wrong with pedophile's raping kids if morals are just a concept?
Anyone else’s IPhone buzzing??
Any info on "New Feudalism World Wide Kingdom"? Saw at a bus stop
Masks in Kubrick's 'Eyes Wide Shut' (1999)
Joe Rogan Experience #1373 - Kyle Kulinski
Why is no one asking about the "Crowdstrike" comment in the Ukraine call transcript?
The media can't even be honest about someone getting booed, you think they'll be honest with you about war, healthcare, or the economy?
Friendly reminder that the gangstalking program is run by people involved in elite pedophilia rings. High profile people such as Harvey Weinstein has used it on their victims to silence and discredit them.
Help?
9/11 mystery: Official 9/11 report withheld 118 eyewitness accounts | World | News
Suddenly, Coincidences Involving the Whistleblower Abound — This is nothing more than an attempted coup by the CIA/MSM/Democrats/Neocons(repubs that hate Trump).
How does patriotism even exist?
Telling it like it is!
Ukrainegate: What You're Not Being Told
Trump makes it clear that if you don't support him, he doesn't care about you; vows 'no more' federal aid to California as devastating wildfires continue to burn.
Where's all the moon landing footage?
Check out the subreddit Jesuitworldorder to find out who controls the World--World is defined as "The Roman Empire" in Webster 1828 dictionary
Seattle attack diverted?
Top 10 Richest People in the World (2000-2019) || who is the richest man in the whole world?
The Real Jeff Epstein Meme (sources in description) - Imgur
What do ya'll think about this?Another proof for hidden satanic stuff in famous musicvideos or just a song about climate change?
Who’s breathing did I just hear!
Tulsi Gabbard, &amp; sons of fathers killed in 9/11 discuss government secrecy on Fox News
Children were Sold by Catholic Church says PresidentPM of Ireland - Is Humanity being betrayed by the very people we entrust to guide us, protect us and direct us towards a beneficial progress &amp; future for all?
The destruction of logic through the lens of emotion and social justice. How has it come to pass that in America, a man can identify as a woman, and his linguistic affirmation by itself, at least in New York City, obligates others to refer to him as "her"?
Richard Dolan meta-analysis of the UFO/aliens phenomenon
Verifiable Evidence of How The War in Ukraine Really Started - June 2013 Document Reveals US Plans To Take Over Russia's Main Naval Base in Ukraine - (Proves Wikipedia To Be Misinformation)
Don’t Let This Die. Shes A Confirmed Child Sex Trafficker. She Was As Involved As Epstein Himself. She Ruined The Lives Of Children By Selling Them Into Sex Work To Blackmail High-Level Politicians &amp; Aristocrats. Why Is She Not Under Arrest?! No Investigation? She Holds The Key To Epstein’s Secrets
Current Waves Podcast - Missing 411 Episode
Wrong sub probably but this was great wait until the end.
We talk a lot about Hollywood being a tool for military propaganda, why does the NFL get a pass when they are literally paid by the Pentagon to foster patriotism and military support.
Scientists Are Working on a Pill to Erase or Modify Memories
UK intelligence officials shaken by Trump administration’s requests for help with counter-impeachment inquiry
Anyone around Seattle noticing anything unusual? Like more helicopters or anything out of the norm?
Youtube/google listening/watching
The Truth Is The Military Has Been Researching "Anti-Gravity" For Nearly 70 Years
The main stream media would have us all believe anything. Including Trump being racist. There is no media around what he has done for the black community.
Emails obtained by CREW show that a close friend of President Donald Trump had access to high-level officials in Trump’s Commerce Department and used this access to share materials that were part of a plan to share nuclear technology with Saudi Arabia.
PSA big lots is giving away free tissues today
Israeli police shoot a Palestinian man after releasing him.
The US is 23 Trillion Dollars in Debt
Blood Atonement--The Masonic philosophy of holy assassination of the enemies of Satan. BILL COOPER: NWO System, Secret Society Control &amp; Israeli,Russian Roles in it
Thought experiment
The Mueller Report’s Secret Memos
113 again
Flip the script.
Journalist Max Blumenthal arrested on false charge in DC
For sale
The Truth About An Inconvenient Truth (Film Review)
Any thoughts on the recent increases in military recruitment ads on TV?
Ive started to go over the Mueller report.
I found a company openly selling my information and others'
That this Cyclops Strange being or the specter of in the tree in the forest. a mysterious creature was hiding in a tree and peeping. the strange creature had one eye maybe it was a Cyclops or a Ghost
The Simpsons is airing it’s 666th episode ”Gorillas on the Mast” tonight on the 3rd November
The epstein memes
The Real Jeff Epstein Meme
Now the Climate Cult is Claiming That 'We Didn't Have Hurricanes' Before Climate Change
Fox news host caught off guard
Police State Escalates War on Freedom of Speech: MAGA claims the Deep State targets only “conservatives”. In fact, the state is apolitical. It favors only those that toe the neoliberal and corporate line. If they deviate, they will suffer the fate recently experienced by Max Blumenthal.
Tin foil hat 👊👊 get around it
How Central Banks Fund Our Age of Endless War: The problem is that government finances war by borrowing and printing money, rather than presenting a bill directly in the form of higher taxes. When the costs are obscured, the question of whether any war is worth it becomes distorted.
Baghdadi Was US Brainchild, Says Russian Foreign Minister: "ISIS emerged after the US invasion of Iraq and the release of extremists from prisons by Americans. “Therefore, to a certain extent, the Americans eliminated the one they gave birth to, if it actually happened.”
It’s not going to happen on 3/11, it’s done on purpose so they can catch us off guard and actually do it later than that
World top ( Remote viewers) discover Epstein committed suicide alone.
TIN FOIL HAT 👊👊👊
UFC Doctor Statement release
Anyone else think Max Spiers was poisoned by his gf?
The Ethnic Cleansing of Palestinian Christians That Nobody Is Talking About
Google Earth accidentally discovered the body of a man who went missing 22 years ago
What happened three years ago?
Who and What is being Actively Censored?
“...and Epstein didn’t kill himself.”
Owen Benjamin said something interesting...but Here's What He Doesn't Know
Stanley Kubricks hoax interview about the moon?
Don't let it distract you
Hillary explains what happened to Jeffrey Epstein
Seattle 11/3 (today) is the perfect "conspiracy"
One way governtment is the solution
That this Cyclops Strange being or the specter of in the tree in the forest. a mysterious creature was hiding in a tree and peeping. the strange creature had one eye maybe it was a Cyclops or a Ghost
Best one I’ve seen yet
Looking To Be Rabbit Holed
Can someone please explain to me what is bouncing around in Michelle's pants here?
The IMF pushed Argentina into implementing mandatory vaccination, higher vaccine uptake means low interest loans
The Navy acknowledges UFOs — so why aren't they on Washington's radar?
Wikipedia censorship on terrorist attacks
"Epstein didn't kill himself."
Vape deaths part of a terror attack?
False flag event in Hong Kong?
Anyone have legit evidence for 11/3? It’s the first conspiracy I’ve seen in a LONG time that gives an actual date for when the “attack” will happen so it’ll be interested to see if something really does happen.
If you're making memes, can I suggest changing it to "Epstein isn't dead and nobody else has been arrested."
Just a reminder
Hmmm
Don't follow the elite, follow the money :)
Seattle False flag on November third
They’re literally watching us through our phones... not just listening
Netanyahu Accuses Hamas of Firing Rockets at Israel From Gaza
I eat hair to prove Climate change believers wrong (hair eating starts at 02:30)
This really triggered the pro-death cult.
Fear Campaigns
The meme "Epstein didn't kill himself" is an attempt from them to pass this as a joke to the mainstream and make conspirators look like the crazy ones who believe in memes.
Conspiracy to Co Create Cutsey Wootsy Moloch v 3.3
OMG! "Have You Seen This?" Could these be True? watch Trump DESTROY Maxine waters, Obama, Pelosi, Schiff,Hillary &amp; MSM
"Kafka, or the secret society" Anyone got invited to any secret societies lately? Anyone you meet could be a member according to this novella
Why isn't anyone talking about this?
On This Day — The Iran – Contra Scandal (November 3, 1986) [2019]
Making The Connections
“I Was Told Epstein ‘Belonged to Intelligence’ And to Leave It Alone.” --Alexander Acosta
Soul-Catching Net: Are We “Recycled” At Death To Remain In The Matrix?
FEAR CAMPAIGNS
Conspiracy of Duality
An “apparent suicidal” -PBS (a news org ran by the government)
Married With Children - 11/3 Seattle
Possible Future Patsy?
White Helmets are Preparing New Chemical Provacations in Syria
Are there any predictions of the end of the world for late this year or early next year?
11-3 BRACE YOURSELF SEATTLE: EMERALD CITY ATTACK
The thought that the very rich and powerful right now are somewhere undisclosed and can change history with a single phone call.
Disgusting
Fluoride in drinking water and Red 40 food dye trick innocent people into believing they are feeling the "spirit of the lord". This is especially true for 3 million victims in Mormonism controlled Utah. 100K citizen's water tests 40X federal limit and there's a Mormon puppet within Hershey's. Links!
CTH 363 - Epstein Ain't Going Away feat. Brace Belden
How do we know that we aren't living in the past but for us is the present.
Here you go, what do you make of this?
/r/Relationship_advice is a government project to desensitize people and make flings more common then long term relationships
Here's The Headline!
Premium Drop
Finally some answers about epstein's murder
Human Cloning
Americans actually don't dislike Vegemite its all a ploy!
Epstein meme on FoxNews - out of the park!! :D
Out of the park for Foxnews! :D
Ad's are now MIND READING ???
Americans actually don't dislike Vegemite its all a ploy!
Guest on Fox creates Epstein meme, goes viral. Trevor/Hillary. But wait, bitter humor is also what preceded the end of the Soviet Union. Joker has arrived.
The Justice Department released 500 pages of interview summaries, emails and other documents related to Mueller’s report detailing Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election. *There are insightful nuggets of info found within*
Guess who’s back?..
"Epstein didn't kill himself" Airplane Banner Ad
I love my wiener❤️
FBI Vault Drop on Jeffrey Epstein
FBI Vault Drop on Jeffrey Epstein
FBI Vault Drop on Jeffrey Epstein
Woman admits she didn't write anonymous sexual-assault claim against Brett Kavanaugh
Epstein's Island Temple tells its side of the story
Shalom goy ...I mean truthers... as a fellow truther I believe we must shut down anti-Semitic conspiracy theories as they’re harmful to our community and can get our sub-reddit banned.
Get OUT of Seattle NOW if your are able to! (more evidence of a false-flag event tomorrow)
This is probably be the most controversial post ive ever done on r/conspiracy. But trust me, like i was too.... dont be misled in the way the MSM want you too believe it... Domenico Lombardi is/was a mayor of a small italian town, Riace. He is now banned from Riace for helping integrate migrants...
Why CEO turnover in 2019 is at a record high
This story gets crazier and crazier as time goes on.
https://youtu.be/PSyD72B5e68
Writing On The Walls
Diabetes Medication Shortage - Now High Blood Pressure Medication Shortage
Seattle Washington (Potential) 911-style false flag NWO terror attack? Major Seattle Bridge requires "serious emergency repairs for 10 days"...Get your family OUT of Seattle for the next 10 days in November 2019 in case something happens.
Boxing latest rigged fight.
German shepherd dog disruption
Do we live in the matrix ? Or the real world
A true American hero. Watch until the end...
The Authentic and Complete History of the A.M.O.R.C. (France/German) by H. Spencer Lewis, F.R.C. 5/?
Franklin Scandal
Most mass school/mall shootings are orchestrated false flags, part of a secret CIA project called “Orion”
What Joe Isn't telling us!
Guest on Fox to talk about military dogs randomly blurts out Jeffrey Epstein didn't kill himself
Military Dog Trainer Drops Epstein Truth Bomb On FOX NEWS (Video)
One US Politician Has Been Consistent for 40+ years. Laughed At And Ignored For Decades Until The Masses Started To Wakeup. Instead Of Selling Out, He Kept Telling The Truth.
Detailed History Showing How (D)Andrew Yang Is Getting The Ron Paul Treatment And Getting Blacklisted From The Media.
Ancestry DNA kits are a scam
Having a little trouble
Emergency Exercise tonight in Toronto
Now it's just another late night joke
An uncomfortable realization
Zen
If the internet, this sub and 4chan existed in 2001 in the same magnitude as today, could they have thwarted 9/11?
Red Pill
I finaly understand.
Close your eyes and go to sleep
Whistle blower meets Clinton.
Expensive Climate Policies Sparked Chile Riots, Just Like France’s Yellow Vest Protests.
An exhaustive list of sex offenders and pedophiles in government just since 2017
My phones camera is damaged and makes noise upon activation which has led to an uncomfortable realization
Something odd going on online.
“Violent Tragedies” Okay Reddit, but let’s ignore 911 memes, sounds about right.
Looks like Clinton caught himself another whistle-blower, lets hope he gets an Arkencide pass for Halloween. :)
California decriminalizes shoplifting, people start stealing. Leftists scream racism
iPhone glitch? Or pre 1984?
Violent Antifa member gets six years in prison for attacking a Trump supporter.
Body Brokers and Human Chop Shops
Tomorrow
Noice
The most factual meme i’ve seen around about the Epstein situation lol
Was the internet made accessible to the public with the intention of creating a surveillance state/world?
someone dropped this letter off at my neighbors house, anyone know what it means?
Well would you look at that
Charlie Kirk (and others) HIJACKED the conservative movement and now stands gatekeeper to tell conservatives what is and what is not conservatism.
Attention Please! Someone is Spying on You
request for epstein video or podcast
Cooperate media 101
Plymouth Fury Halloween Clusterf&amp;#k Volume 1
America needs an FCC program to issue fines and occasionally shut down websites and news networks caught repeatedly spreading misinformation
Let's start a revolution right here, right now
Why was Stephen crowder and milo silenced but nick fuentes and his army of ACTUAL white nationalists get to roam free?
Famed medical examiner makes explosive claim regarding Epstein's death
Another major political donor arrested for sexually abusing a child.
The word “Federal” in Federal Reserve Bank is deceptive. The Fed is owned by a handful of oligarchs &amp; elites. America was enslaved in 1913.
The Poynter Institute: Facebook’s Fact-Checking Affiliate Visualized
Found from r/joker
Gaddafi’s Ex-Spokesperson: We Have Been Proven Right
Impeachment has always been inevitable
The F.B.I. are complicit in allowing the C.I.A. to cause war crimes, prove me wrong!
I thought for sure I could open some peoples eyes on chemtrails wth this one but somehow it still doesn’t seem to click with people, are some people too far gone ?
DEA is complicit with the C.I.A. genocide of black americans, prove me wrong!
Wolfstar//Russ Mckamey//Torture//Expossed
My little brother was singing a song from a cartoon that had "won't you be my neighbor" in the lyrics. My mom heard and asked him jokingly: "are you singing Mister Rogers?"....a few days later, this showed up in my YT recommend... Google is always listening.
C.I.A. is a terrorist organization, guilty of treason. Prove me wrong!
I run a conspiracy podcast and we’re looking for hot ones to cover
Some thoughts on Epstein....
Seattle false flag attack. November 3.
Any films like Eyes Wide Shut?
They want you to eat bugs, live in tiny houses, and stop global warming...
This is why the normal people working for evil corporations or the police can be so evil. This is why we cannot trust our safety to the government.
DEVELOPING: Schiff's CIA "Whistleblower" Eric Ciaramella May Be Implicated in Upcoming FISA Report
17 tries to get a post about immigration posted on unpopular Opinion.
Midshipmen Establish Study Group for Satanic Temple Beliefs at US Naval Academy
CIA internal report blames Intelligence Reform in Mid-1970s on single NYT news article "Mass Surveillance!". Recent revelations of campaign spying and "insurance" operations by IC prove past reforms weren't sufficient.
Why are some parts of Loch Ness on google maps covered?
Isaac Kappy
Profits over people? Childrens’ CANCER drug put on hold.
I know lots of conspiracy youtube channels have disappeared, but are there any good ones still consistently putting out content?
NWO: Who is in Charge?!
I know lots of conspiracy youtube channels have disappeared, but are there any good ones still consistently putting out content?
How anyone can become evil.
How Ironic
I found this creepy video by searching "yyyg" can someone please give me some insight about it.
How the British state sabotaged the Last left labour government.
Valiant Thor, the “Extraterrestrial” who worked with the US government.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Latest Information From North Dakota Oil Pipeline Spill
😂😂😂
SEATTLE Mass casualty drills, Crisis Actors being recruited mere days before 11/3. But I'm just a larping schizo.
Stutton Corporation
Far from Independence, US Oil consumption to production is 20:12 official EIA forecast.
Turning Point USA Founder Charlie Kirk Insults USS Liberty Survivors. Repeats some whoppers in justifying US 3.8 plus billion dollars military aid to Israel.
China's secret gold-backed cryptocurrency to destroy U.S. dollar
In a post-R. Kelly world, why is Drake still being protected?
How does one respond to this?
Three Ring Circus - Space X
They are coming for your children. What you were taught, your values and your education will be your undoing. Teach your children your values.
That this Cyclops Strange being or the specter of in the tree in the forest. a mysterious creature was hiding in a tree and peeping. the strange creature had one eye maybe it was a Cyclops or a Ghost
This is truly bigger than Watergate. The confirmation of this whistleblowers identity confirms the Obama Administration and Democrats have been Spying on Trumps Campaign and Presidency since day 1.
Hillary Clinton admits it!
Tomorrow
Wait what’s happening on November 3rd 2019?
The system's cameras, microphones, video and permanently saved archives will destroy any human it chooses, and the target is always moving. It does not discriminate.
Central Bank of Kenya - governed by Opus Dei member Patrick Ngugi Njoroge
Beautiful Irony
Special Report: Eleven Pages of “The Corrupt Business of Child Protective Services" Written By Our Beloved Late-Senator Nancy Schaefer with her and her husband’s BLOOD ON EVERY SINGLE WORD. - Opening
Can we please discuss punitive treatment for Edward Snowden while a second hand whistleblower is getting non stop coverage and calls for anonymity of this one.
They're publicly spreading the name of purported Ukraine whistleblower; (R) Rep. Louie Gohmert dropped the name during a public hearing while (R) Rand Paul shared it with millions on Twitter.
Every keystroke on every device is logged somewhere.
Syrian President Assad praises President Trump. But muh oilfields. Waaaaaaaa...
Connecticut Officer Forced Into Retirement After Ties to Far-Right 'Proud Boys' Revealed. A prime example of how the globalists use the threat of job loss to backdoor the First Amendment.
Donald "I'm just not in favor of gay marriage" Trump's Administration to allow anti-LGBTQ discrimination in all grants from Health &amp; Human Services; impacting federal funding for foster care, adoption, and HIV &amp; STI prevention.
Jeffrey Epstein is Qanon...?
Facebook will allow UK election candidates to run false ads. The policy is being championed by Facebook executive Nick Clegg, the former Liberal Democrat leader and deputy prime minister of the United Kingdom who himself once complained about "lies" spread during the 2016 Brexit referendum.
Top 10 “Best” Pedo-Harvesting Foster Care System States Countdown: #1 Arizona... an overrun sub
3/11 false flag attack on Seattle CenturyLink Field
Keiser Report: What is the Fed Hiding? (E1457)
3/11 Seattle attack on CenturyLink Field
SS: A step by step guide on how to illegally enter the United States sanctioned by our ~~Government~~ corporate ran media!
311
Tomorrow is the day
I believe I can prove to you that Diana Ross and Smokey Robinson are Michael Jackson's parents.
Connecticut Officer Retires After Ties to Far-Right 'Proud Boys' Revealed. A prime example of how the globalists use the threat of job loss to backdoor the First Amendment.
Vaxxed II: The People's Truth | Official Trailer | 2019
Eric Ciaramella, CIA asset, Obama holdover, Biden point man with Ukraine, who resigned over pressure from being believed to be the leaker on several occasions of the Trump admin, was the "Whistleblower" in this " Ukraine Scandal ".
Bizarre Details That Never Made Sense About JFK's Assassination
Washington Post, Nytimes, TheGuardian, Time, Independent Won't Show This To You / Far-Leftist Terror Group Bombed Civilians in Marketplace and Killed 13 Civilian
Portland Dem donor arrested on pedo bribery charges
Death of Jeffrey Epstein: November 2019 Time Cross - Farsight
What's going on in the Sky tomorrow November the 3rd?
8kun is up
8kun is up
One day a Alian landed and started a family with a monkey... Hello Man kind!
Pediatricians are WRONG about tylenol.
So my friend got this message from someone LMFAO 🗿
Whatsapp introducing two new Versions For iPhone,Dark theme and Netflix Streaming
The UK government has been forced to abandon its support for fracking. The fossil fuel industry's narrative that shale gas extraction is safe for the environment, is no longer tenable, and all fracking has been halted with immediate effect.
What are good sites about very deep conspiracies and research? I used to go to Icke, Abovetopsecret and Bibliotecapleyades.
Alex Jones use to be C.I.A. but not why you think...
Biden: Last bastion of the old Pedocratic Guard. The only reason Biden is even in this race is to block against either a Sanders or Warren win. No other reason. Which is why he is being shoved down our throats. He is useless aside from assuring no real change to the existing Pedocrat status quo.
China pulls money back and halts major skyscraper projects in LA and San Francisco. No surprise San Francisco's Pelosi and LA's Schiff push impeachment under orders of China masters.
Dresden: German city declares 'Nazi emergency' as extremist views and violence increase Why does this sound like a hoax?
How humans where made...
Trump-Ukraine Whistleblower Eric Ciaramella Suddenly Won't Testify; Lawyers Break Off Negotiations Amid New Revelations
The EU might have actively covered up a large corruption scandal.
Nick's Non-fiction: Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
human creation
This should start an interesting conversation.
This is allegedly the CIA state sponsored impeachment whistleblower acting on behalf of the CIA in another attempted coup. We don’t know if this is him for sure b/c his identity is still being protected. He’s complaining abt Trump instead of revealing criminal activity of the agency he represents.
I feel like something is about to come out about Beto O Rouke
Bernie Sanders: I voted against the Patriot Act. It created an Orwellian system of mass surveillance. We must now end the NSA's unconstitutional data collection on hundreds of millions of calls. Intelligence agencies cannot unjustly surveil activists, Muslim Americans, and people of color.
What really happened on 9/11
Alan Dershowitz wanted David Boies off Epstein-related suit. A top lawyer has replaced him
How to Cover Up a Conspiracy - Literally
Facebooks Bans Another Conspiracy Website, I Wonder Why...
Trump’s Plan to Pillage Syrian Oil, Blatant Violation of International Law: Trump even mentioned that he intended to make a deal with ExxonMobil or another company to go in there and do it “properly”, that the goal would be to “spread the wealth” from “massive amounts of oil”
It seems that Israeli Iron Dome couldn't intercept some of the rockets fired from Gaza!
Democrats have basically made it clear that they will obstruct EVERYTHING Trump does even if doing so hurts the country
Thoughts on grand conspiracy?
911 was an Epstein job. kevin Spacey. Upvote pwease
America needs an FCC program to issue fines and occasionally shut down websites and news networks caught repeatedly spreading misinformation
Why does MSM use the term Deep State alot? Does the cabal want itself to be exposed?
Israeli army target several locations in Gaza Strip
The Mathematics of Ponzi Schemes: How Bernie Madoff's Scam Worked [Personal Finance]
The Venga Boys first song "We Like to Party" was a recruitment song for Al Qaeda prior to 911
Drugs and government
A Theory that would change physics, Kind of.
Assistance finding a video about children being asked questions about satanic abuse.
As impossible as it sounds: the_Donald has actually INCREASED its censorship
Keeps getting removed from /r/videos
Arrest of Gov’t Critic and Journalist Max Blumenthal Signals Escalation in War on Alternative Media: The SWAT-style raid on the home of government critic and journalist Max Blumenthal signals a new level of escalation in the US government’s war on dissent.
Spillman - The people that make big brother happen. FML.
Did the EU cover up a corruption scandal, involving its own judges taking bribes in the balkans?
The Final Blackpill.
Iam actually shoked on how many americans still believe in 9/11...
The Final Blackpill.
Hello, my first time finding a secret in a video game called Robocraft
The goal of the media is to polarise the public
WARNING!!! Seattle - terror attack football stadium tomorrow Sun Nov 3rd!!!
Seattle. Firebomb terror attack football stadium tomorrow Sun Nov 3rd!!!
"Climategate: Ten Years Later" by Dr. Kelvin Kemm, nuclear physicist and CEO of Nuclear Africa Ltd.
Digital qanon soldier JoeM has taken his account down. He had close to 200k followers on twitter. I smell a rat.
So what have the Jews actually done?
Under digital surveillance: how American schools spy on millions of kids
The Surge: U.S. DOJ And Trump To Further Militarize Police -- $600 Billion In Equipment
This nickname is illegal bois
California Fire 2019
Five Years On, Saudi Attacks on Yemen's Farmers Are Pushing the Whole Country into Famine. Mint Press News.
The masonic symbolism is this 1930's picture of a man awarded his law degree.
Oreo guide
[Meta] Trump Preemptively Killed the Leader of ISIS Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi the Mastermind behind the 11/3/2019 terror attacks on the Seattle Space Needle.
Elon musk is immortal
Florida is filled with master manipulators and more psychos compares to other states
Kevin Spacey's jacket
Reasons why people are talking about 113 / 11/3
Global banking issues?
Is EVERY problem on the planet, be it wordly, social or personal, caused by the “great illusion?” And are the One Light book(s) by Jon Whistler some of, if not, the most profound and important books ever written to explain this?
(Crossposted) The FBI is Tracking Our Faces in Secret. The ACLU is Suing. - There can be no accountability if there is no transparency.
Bad amerika, bad, bad!
(PODCAST)Psychic and Schizophrenic discuss Dimensions, Alternate Realities, Psychedelics, Demon Possession, Magic
A few less widely known facts related to the conspiracy of the Lincoln assassination.
Secret Service Man
(PODCAST)Psychic and Schizophrenic discuss Dimensions, Alternate Realities, Psychedelics, Demon Possession, Magic
Removed from the top of /r/videos
Fructose Vs Glucose, Sugar is in fact good but a form known as Fructose is toxic
It’s time for a new service
Lmao
My life is a series of paranormal events, unexplained experiences, and things I dont have answers to. I am either entirely insane or a focal point for something's attention.
What do you think happened to Andrew Gosden?
Cell phone tower to be removed from Ripon school
A news broadcast from CBN is dated Jan 3, 2019 but titled as November 3, 2019. Strange coincidence
Who Built the Megalithic Nuraghe Castles of Sardinia - p2 of the 2019 Sardinia Expedition Report
Am I the only one seeing all these different articles of this “AI” society piecing together all the different parts of iRobot right in front of our eyes?
Not sure if i fully believe, but here is more fuel for November 03 conspiracy.
Two Kevin Spacey accusers have died
How time works
It’s called a power trip. Reddit won’t allow any of these words in a sentence together.
Possible Cult?
Where are people posting now?
Never Forget
Marching orders kept Buffalo cops from arresting child-molesting priests
Did Hitler escape?
This post can’t be seen in US
Grown Men wearing "masks" and "underwear" inset foreign objects into their "backsides" during a LIVE performance on a family show.
9/11 the hindsight
Anyone else feel like they are just killing time?
Rabbit hole
US Attorney Durham's expanded investigation time line could overlap &amp; scoop up genesis of plot for mysterious death of Supreme Court Justice Scalia in Feb 2016. Deep State/MSM suspiciously quick to dismiss conspiracy theorists at his death.
I found something very strange on Google.
Skepticism regarding the death of Lil Peep
Trump will win?
The Bride of Christ is one woman
#92 John-Michael Williams - Tracking Pedophiles in Bakersfield, CA, Ring...
Very Strange Anomaly in the sky in Tunapuna near Trinidad
Deep state
#92 John-Michael Williams - Tracking Pedophiles in Bakersfield, CA, Ring...
Conspiracy Theories &amp; Chill LIVE
1993 article about Osama Bin Ladin
Any of you not get paid today?
Congrats Pickleboy And Princess
Trevor Noah starts off an interview with Hillary Clinton by asking “How did you kill Jeffrey Epstein?”
Pre-harvest dusting via glyphosate is a conspiracy to create a health epidemic
CIA and FBI are paying/extorting girls/guys to go into relationships and sometimes marry guys of interest
Israeli soldier handed one month community service for killing of Gaza teenager
Owen Benjamin is a limited hang out?
Gabbard's (and her father's) ties to the Hare Name Society/Science Identity Foundation have been in the public domain for years. Personally, the reign of Barry Soetoro turned me off of Hawaiian CIA Cult test tube babies for good but maybe that's just me.
Cain and Abel &amp; Seth and The Patriarchal Line By Manly P. Hall
This is allegedly the CIA state sponsored impeachment whistleblower acting on behalf of the CIA in another attempted coup. We don’t know if this is him for sure b/c his identity is still being protected. He’s complaining abt Trump instead of revealing criminal activity of the agency he represents.
The Rosetta Stone. This is what helped scholars understand hieroglyphs.
r/technicallythetruth
How 5G could mean the end of privacy and how it could open the door to oppressive governments.
Bank of America: All Systems Down
Bank of America: All Systems Down
Operation Mockingbird in full effect. ✅
Discussion: Which conspiracy (confirmed or theory) do you think effects you most on a daily basis?
Activists Want to Abolish Your Kid’s Honors Classes
Most cybercrime is orchestrated by entrapment and enticement by the FBI and CIA
Oh, the places we'll go... just when you're ready though
Seattle Washington (Potential) 911-Syle False Flag Terror attack in November Post Reaches Front Page. Trolls are Mass Down Voting. Something wicked this way comes???
How Israel’s Social Media Trolls Conquered Facebook
A fire caused this on 9/11?
World war 1 and 2 were either planned false flags or hoaxs
US research into anti-gravity goes back 70 years, report says
Ontario Minister of Health pretends to get flu shot on TV
Peter Strzok MIB Orders Hillary’s Blackmailing
Need Help..
Exposing the White Helmet Terrorists - Collated Evidence of Terrorist Collusion - Over 50 Video Clips
Open question: Why hasn't Reddit been discussing more information about the "Whistleblower" in the current Impeachment Inquiry, and who was a contractor for an alphabet agency (which as we all know, are trustworthy sources!)
Neoconservatism hits Alberta, Canada with full force: "Kenney has betrayed Albertans to fund a $4.7B corporate handout"
A pedophile cult claiming to be the new world order attempted to recruit me, and the police tried to put me in witness protection.
Theory: Ukraine has info to discredit CrowdStrike’s report. The whistleblower came forward to preemptively cover it up and distract the public with impeachment proceedings.
50 years of False Predictions from the Anti-Human Overpopulation Death Cult
Oh look it’s just a conspiracy between Reddit &amp; the Chinese Communist Party that oppresses Hong Kong &amp; the Uyghurs. China &amp; the white liberals that run Reddit both hate Trump. A vote against Trump is a vote for a Chinese puppet as US President.
Oh look is just a conspiracy between Reddit &amp; the Chinese Communist Party that oppresses Hong Kong &amp; the Uyghurs. China &amp; the white liberals that run Reddit both hate Trump. A vote against Trump is a vote for a Chinese puppet as US President.
How gambling built baseball – and then almost destroyed it.
How far advanced are we??
Here is how Kamala ascended ... CNBC 43 trillion related ... Krim family murders
Memes are keeping the Epstein story alive.
Seattle - November 3, 2019 | Predictive Programming or Coincidence?
Al-Baghdadi AKA Elliot Simon | November 3rd ?
Al-Baghdadi AKA Elliot Simon | November 3rd ?
BBC reports Instagram and Google are used as 'slave markets' to sell domestic staff as young as 16 in Kuwait. So why is the idea of online child auctions - like in Pizzagate -still seen as a conspiracy?
Mandela effects
Are We Closer than Ever to hidden ancient technology
Seattle 11/3 Boom
Keystone Pipeline Spills Close To 400,000 Gallons Of Oil On North Dakota
Yes
Trump Impeachment = Just More CIA HiJinx
Franklin Trafficking scandal and associated people scrubbed from Wikipedia around same time as Epsteins arrest
US Military too Busy Stealing Oil from Syria to Fight ISIS
WoW trailer hitting front page of /popular weeks after the whole Blizzard controversy, everyone in comments seem to love content ignore Pro-China Blizzard
Does the government benefit from keeping citizens sleep deprived in the outdated 9-5 system?
Russ Mckamey Is A Murderer//heart Attacks//Non-Responsive
Hmmm...
World War 3 will happen and we can only watch or what ?
A lot people (look in the video comments section) and myself include got this in Youtube recomendation about the Wallstreet crash in 2008 with the think at the recent fed injection of billion ending in 4/11. I'ts like if Yt algorithm is trying to tell us something.
Feels different
Luciferian Performance "Artist" Pretends to Stab stomach and rip babies out and cannibalize on them
The Illuminati had their own Masonic Lodge! They never completed their rituals and only lasted a very short time.... or did they?
113 Seattle
Incognito mainnet. Incognito mode for crypto currency.
How the Media Lie about Why Parents Don’t Vaccinate
Anti-Trump CIA “Whistleblower” Eric Ciaramella Said Nothing as His Pal Joe Biden Allowed Millions to Flow to His Son Hunter – But Filed Complaint When Trump Mentioned it in Phone Call!
Trump's Mental Condition Continues to Decline: Tells Louisiana ‘I’ll See You Tonight.’ He’s Going to Mississippi.
"In the United States, the term "deep state" is used to describe a conspiracy theory[1][2][3][4][5] which suggests that collusion and cronyism exist within the US political system and constitute a hidden government within the legitimately elected government." But deep state even talks about itself.
The Illuminati and the end of it
Stopping slave trade?
Check this out! Maybe it’s coincidence...
5G: Weapon Aimed at You
[Discussion] What happens when A.I. learns to manipulate human emotions?
Senator Lindsey Graham on Impeachment in 1998:
When will America start protesting their government?
[2019 News Media Interactions Review] Participate in a study to address how people are interacting with news media in 2019, and how it should be improved. (100% anonymous, $200 eGift Amazon card + your choice of charities for $50 per 100 respondents.)
‘Americans will RESPAWN al-Baghdadi’: Assad casts doubt on ISIS leader’s death, draws parallels with Bin Laden killing fakery.
Former CIA Director John McLaughlin: ‘Thank God for the Deep State’ John McLaughingstock Former Acting Director of the CIA: "Thank God, This intelligence officer tells the truth, this branch's function is to tell the truth" Mike Pompeo Current CIA Director: "The CIA lies, cheats and steals!
Why is the Trump whistleblower protected when others like Snowden are not?
Missouri didn’t track Planned Parenthood patients’ periods to protect women. It was to control them.
Robert David Steele ("Former" CIA.) says Adrenochrome is real.
Military Official Who Worked with Top Schiff Witness Alex Vindman Reprimanded Him for Inappropriate and Partisan Behavior in Military.
Katharine Graham... I'm visiting her property this weekend to preform some work.. was wondering if anyone has any interesting tid bits about her.I know she owned / ran the Washington Post and helped influence the whole Nixon ordeal.. I have to work 18 of the next 24 hrs and no time 4 research
The Area 51 Raid / Alienstock Festival was funded by the US gov to divide believers ( relevant portion starts at 8:05)
The Reality of Free Energy
Civil war beginning stages
This is how Facebook really works. We cracked the code. They're always listening.
Fascinating Interactive Graph
RoboTrump - AI bot that writes text that is 100% convincing - Existential threat to democracy, tech likely already being used by bad actors
President Eisenhower's "Remarks at the Dedication of the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service of {Jesuit}Georgetown University" October 13th 1958
LEAKED DOCUMENT Reveals Sidewalk Labs Smart City DATA COLLECTION And SUR...
HELP pro-Trump Mayoral Candidate Ellen Lee Zhou In San Francisco!
It's not even a conspiracy
Terms of Service changes to a plethora of sites...
Jesuit trained Richard Syron, former vice-president of Boston Federal Reserve Bank says that the Federal Reserve System is just like the Catholic Church!
Why Canadians Are Being Financially Raped: To Finance Migrants' Destruction Of Canada!
Going South?
/r/videos removed a news report under "Rule #1 - No Politics" about Boeing 737 NG planes being grounded do to cracks developing in them.
85% of the experts who wrote widely used cancer guidelines had received payments averaging more than $10,000 from pharmaceutical companies.
Did we ever reach on a conclusion for the whole Erratus mystery?
Dear Abby...... funny
Military, Deep State and the American innocence
Blizzard Censors my Hong Kong Thread with 7,000+ replies and 20k+ views right as Blizzcon HK protests happen
I like seeing the community at least seeming to come together under this, don’t let them forget
Did Aliens Create Mankind? 65 points of proof and our future
Is it purposeful?
Best subreddit about how jews control the media and brainwash people?
Can You Bless Those Who Have Persecuted You?
Global Warming vs Grand Solar Minimum
Democrats are hypocritical when it comes to censorship. Wich means they KNOW theyre lying. They just want to rig our elections
Antifa Supporter Brags About Giving Kids Dressed as Trump Fentanyl Laced Candy
Best subreddit that's about how Jews control the media with brainwash?
Have you ever received a threat while researching or writing about a conspiracy?
Christian conspiracy theories
Report: Ghislaine Maxwell Attended Secret Jeff Bezos Event
Best subreddit(s) about how jews control the media and brainwash people?
[META] Change my view: People who disagree with you or have a different belief about a subject are not shills.
[HYPOTHESIS] Is Freemasonry just a sex club?
Why Epstein Had to Die[disappear?]
Check your candy folks
WATCH: The budget vote keeps getting canceled because we all keep showing up and they're trying to catch us off-guard. When I tell them to call a vote, a senator tells me, "We'll call [a vote] at the right time. I hope you'll miss it." Then they all erupt into laughter. [Sen. Jeff Jackson]
Weird thoughts but...
Obama himself says he's a "1980s Republican" aka a corporatist neoliberal
Carrie + Carrie 2 Conspiracy
A podcast episode on the Bushes and their ties to the slave trade, the Nazis, and the CIA.
But you can pay someone to do it for you!
Over 100 members of the WWE roster are currently being held prisoner in Saudi Arabia. Story developing.
The Significance of The Joker in Modern Times
Shocker: Bezos hangs out with sex traffickers
Kendall Jenner subtly dropping hints she’s a witch?
America needs an FCC program to issue fines and occasionally shut down websites and news networks caught repeatedly spreading misinformation
American Jews are sick and tired of Israel, says leading rabbi
‘Facebook is a private company!’ shout people in favor of censoring political content
The Paris Climate Fraud
Reminder: The left, NWO, globalists, deep state have been trying to impeach trump since day 1.
Soros funded ACLU Opposes Age Restrictions on Child Marriages
This is a question.
What's going on on East Coast?
MSM BLACKOUT - Major DEM Islamic Political Activist, Ibrahim Aljahim, ARRESTED after forcing special needs student to perform a sex act, the male student testified in court. Aljahim was the Islamic Chaplin for the Sheriff &amp; worked w/Sanders, Clinton, etc. Ljahim said he was trying to help the victim
Is it possible Lori Loughlin is being framed for knowing too much?
I know its a "Meme" but i can't help but think this is the truth.
Proof Democrats and Liberal Progressives Are Evil To The Core Of Their Depraved, Demented Souls (Assuming They Still Have Souls- Which I Highly Doubt)
Trump bought and still owns the party and rigged the primary election.
The Whitehouse "Whistleblower" is 33-year-old Eric Ciaramella: Ciaramella is a registered Democrat, worked for Obama and CIA director John Brennan, worked with Biden, and helped initiate the Russia "collusion" hoax.
Ghislaine Maxwell Was a Guest at Jeff Bezos’s Secret Book Retreat
Video: "Thank God For The Deep State!" says former CIA head - Liberty Hound 10 min
While vaccines are becoming mandatory around the world, the UK is taking autistic children away from their parents and locking them in isolation
Is... that an admission? [DEEP STATE]
Two Former CIA Heads Say "Thank God for the Deep State" on Live TV: Serial criminal John Brennan praises the Deep State and admits its goal is to remove the President.
Chilling scene from the 1993 movie 'Super Mario Bros' shows one of the World Trade Center towers disintegrating in manner resembling its collapse on 9/11
This Sunday - will Seattle be struck by a fake nuclear attack?? 3/11 predictive programming, Masonic and Zionist connections.
Montauk Project
Chris Rock on Democrats and Republicans. No reasonable person goes all in with one side.
Trump Versus Smollet, Just Another Act In The Zionist Scripted Play, Same As Trump Versus Shifty Schiff And Trump Versus The Media
Yea!!! We’re gonna impeach the The President yea!!! Yea! We’re gonna impeach him real good yea!!!
My coworker is having Fitbit issues connecting to his phone today. He has an iPhone. Is it a coincidence that Google just bought Fitbit? 🤔
Why are so many conspiracy theorists seemingly obsessed with pedophilia?
South Park Adrenochrome
Judge reopens Covington student's lawsuit against Washington Post: If there's any justice in the world, the WaPo will be sued out of existence.
South Park had an episode called Chickenlover exposing pedophiles. Chickenlover is a pedophile term, remember Pizzagate?
Father tells how UK is taking autistic children from their parents and locking them in isolation - Think twice before vaccinating!
I dont want electric cables drilled on my brain, WTF (Neuralink)?
Father tells how UK is taking autistic children from their parents and locking them in isolation - Think twice before vaccinating!
Kevin Spacey Won’t Be Charged in Sexual Assault Case After Accuser Dies
I think there is a brake in the wheel in "Wheel of Fortune"
Pence is the MIC coup leader
What creepy consipracy theories you believe in?
Congratulations, “Deep State” Conspiracy Theorists, You’ve Discovered Bureaucracy
Reminder of how much land the Queen owns. 1/6 of the entire land available on Earth.
Norma cloud formations here today...
Anti-centerists posts like the one shown here are designed to shame people to side with either the left or the right, thus ensuring and continuing our divisions.
Under Donald Trump, drone strikes far exceed Obama's numbers
New York City Mayor says 'something doesn't quite fit' with Jeffrey Epstein death
"Thank God For The Deep State": Intel Agents Admit They Want To "Take Out" Trump (read the submission statement)
CNN told me so! Or the Emirical Genius of Dave J
If you do not make food, you are not eating food. We do not eat real food anymore.
383,000. That’s how many gallons of crude oil just spilled out of the Keystone Pipeline &amp; into the wetlands of N Dakota. When we protested at Standing Rock, Big Oil minimized the threat of spills. Enough. We cannot gamble with our precious water resources.
Leave it a comedian to ask the right people the real questions about Epstein
Complaint: Duke center’s depictions of third-world countries ‘justify violence’ against brown people
Subtle.
No nut November
Subtle.
Audio version of the transcripted conversation of President Trump and President Zelenskyy. Proof!!!
John McLaughlin, former Deputy Director and Acting Director of the CIA praising the Deep State system he is a part of. "Thank God for the Deep State"
Tulsi Twitter: Tulsi Demands End of Secrecy on 9-11/Saudis
What are people's opinions on Alex Jones in this subreddit?
Possible false flag attack against Seattle on November 3rd
...I write to request email communications between former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama. Ron Johnson, chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee 10/31/2019
So much corruption, misery, and unnecessary suffering
WWE talent stuck in Saudi Arabia, nobody can say why
On September 13th, the speaker of the Duma announced another bombing by "terrorists" of an apartment building in Volgodonsk. No such attack had actually occurred. On September 16th, there occurred a bombing by "terrorists" of an apartment building in Volgodonsk.
China pulls money back and halts major skyscraper construction projects in LA and San Francisco. No surprise San Francisco's Pelosi and LA's Schiff lead impeach coup under orders by China masters.
STRANGE KIDS UPDATE
AHS: Apocalypse has an errily similar theme to one of the main "Conspiracy Theories" out there; is this Ryan Murphy hinting at something?
Mind control slavery of the masses? Scientists are working on a pill that erases memory
China direct investment in US real estate 2016 was $17B when they thought she would win. Investment 2018 plunges to $380m after he won. No surprise China's California politicians lead impeach coup.
[Meta] Legacy Media forget to warn Kids this year that Dressing up for Halloween as Donald Trump increases your chances to be poisoned.
Trevor Noah Asks Hillary Clinton How She Killed Jeffrey Epstein &amp; Briefly Addresses Conspiracy Theories About Clintons
The “Deep State” Has Been Redefined as Career Bureaucrats Doing Their Patriotic Duty | by Edward Curtin
This is why we are in troubble , as a race... (the human race)
Are some elites non-human? Active Research Thread!
Disturbed that my son is learning about sexual harassment in 3rd grade.
published : august 13. still literally Zero accountability
Dems push impeachment process “civil war inevitable “
Disney world brainwashes people.
So much falls into place if you start looking at the Anti-Vaxx Movement as a social experiment by TPTB/Intellectual Elites in a) the memetic spread of information, b) fomenting unrest &amp; distrust in society and c) establishing control groups for (involuntary) large scale drug tests.
an app that let you search biographical information on all the Palestinians just got removed by google
Elon Musk makes NWO human controlling plans (MUST SEE!)
USAID funds salaries of Venezuelan coup leaders to lobby US politicians for regime change. USAID is diverting $41.9 million from aid for Central America to pay the salaries of Juan Guaidó’s team as they work to influence policy inside the US.
What did he done this time?
Maybe on this sub?...
What Happens To Your Body After Drinking Coca Cola?
Iranian Generals in Iraq, Hezbollah Thugs in Lebanon: Tehran Demonstrates How to Snuff Out Dissent
Stole my brain and identify.
If you knew for a FACT that there were no 'mass awakening' on the horizon, would it change how you live your life?
Bill Burr - Video Music Awards 2015
Honest question about some conspiracies behind Donald Trump
The craziest part of this Epstein situation...
Bernie Sanders conspiracies??
Right now Joe Rogans podcast with Edward Norton, over 750k views and is #4 on TRENDINGg. While the interview with Edward Snowdon which had millions of views with in 24 hours, was never TRENDING. Really Youtube? You think no one will notice?
There may be nothing here, but here’s some interesting observations I’ve made over the last few years.... (the rise of the Trump supporter)
Jeffrey Epstein's Temple Has Moved To Los Angeles To Find Work
Gangstalking Targeted Individuals with (Honey Pot Traps) P.2
Weird Celebrity Resurface
Halloween, What does it really mean?
WHAT is this ALIEN STRANGE CREATURE or DWARF successfully filmed in the forest of Russia. The mysterious creature was filmed in the forests of Russia on September 8, 2019. unknown being was black color of growth roughly forty centimeters
Natural Law Explained by Mark Passio during InfoWars Interview with Alex Jones
NASA mission to the Moon
Conspiracy, I think not
What evidence is there that Trump is at war with the deep state?
Is Google purposefully hiding this sub for you guys as well?
I mean... Its google-able at this point.
Cis AB, a rare blood type mutation, is a result of World War II, specifically US' nuclear attacks on Japan.
Want to be on a conspiracy theory podcast?
Neocon vs Neoliberal
150 actors, professional make-up artists and staged smoke for 'largest joint emergency exercise' in Toronto's busiest pedestrian hub, Union Station.
Dear Abby
Trever Noah asks Hillary Clinton how she killed Jeffery Epstein
Speaks for itself.
I found documents that indicate trump, and well known sex traffic workers went on a flight, and trump used his power as a major stock owner to arrest the detain when she tried to leave, I have more evidence I cant post on reddit, its on pastebin now
Hilary Gets Asked About Epstein On The Daily Show
Elon Musk makes NWO humam controlling plans (MUST SEE WAKE UP!)
Fun little way to pass time...
American Horror Story Apocalypse is as blatant as they come. The plot is about the elites doing satanic ritual abuse and causing an apocalypse.
Bump Ass
This man died to expose this information. If Epstein is one side of the global human trafficking ring, this is the other. Max Spiers, who was groomed from within the womb, reveals all details of the occult relationships. This is what they don't want you to know.
The JFK Files : The Murder of a President - The Fifth Estate
Was told there was a photo of "the whole earth" from Himawari-8 satellite. Studied it, and it seems really off to me. Thoughts?
The Militarization of Everything. The expanding cultural authority of the armed forces is a problem for U.S. democracy
We live in a society
false flag attack going to happened in Seattle on November 3rd 2019
How will the latest Trump conflict impact Mossad-CIA relations?: If Trump and the CIA do not trust each other, the Mossad and other US allies may need to reevaluate what information they share with the US.
Edward Snowden
Silver Trigger November 11th
Snowden is in exile in Russia, Assange is in a UK prison, Chelsea Manning is in prison. Meanwhile we have our 1st gov’t sponsored whistleblower who’s identity is being protected by the gov’t as part of an attempted coup.
Which of these 10 claims by William Cooper do you believe?
this seems wrong to me
[META] why is there pro-Trump stuff in a conspiracy sub? Watch this video of 2 former CIA Director’s talking about Trump impeachment. One says “thank God for the deep state”. Why have the alphabet agencies not attacked any other Prez since JFK this way? Those Prez’s were deep state puppets.
Paracelsus of Hohenheim By Manly P. Hall
A day after "google dancing Israelis" at the TPUSA event an "Israeli dancing class" ad shows up on twitter
Well, this is awkward.
Storm Area 51 Raid &amp; Haunted Nevada Roadtrip
It's all about Hillary.
Well, this is awkward.
You are not your ego. You are not your thoughts.
Bigelow and Linda Moulton Howe dated. She and TTSA both have the same "alien" piece.
STRANGE MASKED CHILDREN keep coming to my door tonight....
Reddit’s automoderator is the future of the internet, and deeply imperfect - The good: AutoMod saves time and prevents potential mental health issues. The bad: Humans still have to clean up after it.
Anyone here with any alien encounters?
Join me in demanding the truth — Tulsi Gabbard on September 11 Attacks
Big Lebowski 9-11
Nancy Pelosi's daughter was very worried about her "fave" pedofiles being ousted. Fortunately for her and her faves, Epstein conveniently killed himself before that could happen.
InfoWars releases a report that supports the flat earth movement
Terrorist Groups like Al Qaeda and ISIS was created so nations can have a common enemy.
Easy test to show iPhone is always recording. Take a live photo while talking. Play the live photo. Take notice that the live photo "video" starts well before you pushed the button to take the photo.
ATTENTION! If you live in SEATTLE, please get somewhere safe on 11/3!!!
A new poll found that 29.3% of Americans think the U.S. dollar is backed by gold.
Popular YouTuber AMTV is warning about the possible SEATTLE NOVEMBER 2019 New World Order False Flag Terror Attack
Is Joe Rogan, Jordan Peterson, Graham Hancock and Others Pushing MKUltra Drugs, DMT and LSD For A Dark Agenda?
Injured Tent in NFL
You can prevcieve this sub as Pro-Trump but in reality, the shills around here suck that bad at pushing Anti-trump propaganda
Fed Secretly Bailing Out Banking System Again!
Chinese Takeout Chicken and Broccoli Conspiracy
Pedophiles Rule The World !
Rothschilds Raping Canada!
Exposed: Justin Trudeau's REAL Bio!
Exposed: Justin Trudeau's REAL Bio!
Reprobate Rothschilds Exposed
Lack of Bugs?
I think everyone appreciated my costume
I guarantee the elite will find someone innocent(or maybe a member of them that they don't like) and make him guilty for the death of Epstein just so that nobody will investigate further
What's the chances that Donald Trump is using the NSA mass surveillance to keep the GOP in line?
It was the dog who killed the is leader
Bill Nye To Dress Up As Real Scientist For Halloween
The Litter Myth
What conspiracy theories do you believe in? Why?
The Smartest Horse That Ever Lived (15:44 long)... Get ready to question everything you were taught about intelligence and humans verses animals.
Created a log recording the Daily News Cycle. . | One Year of the US Media Cycle: 2017
Thunderstorm Asthma Season or Bio-Weapon Testing Season
The impeachment whistleblower has been outed
CNN has been doctoring photos/videos of Bernie Sanders to make him seem unhealthy. Up-vote to spread awareness.
@tyleroakley I know what you did on November 17th 2006. If you don't confess I will leak the information to the public. You have 24 hours you sick murdering freak.
Join me in demanding the truth — Tulsi Gabbard on September 11 Attacks
Why is this sub so consistently pro trump? I never thought I'd see the day that a billionaire and President of the USA (perhaps the most powerful man in the world) is considered the victim rather than the source of conspiracy.
What conspiracy do you believe in most? Why?
The little arrows (or thumbs) could be a creation of MK Ultra.
It's strange how everybody is talking about #TeamTrees now but nobody talks about China has planted 12 BILLION trees this year alone!
The Holocaust Conspiracy, covering the genocide of Russia's non Jewish Khazar history with WWII propaganda
Zuckerberg To Create Ministry of Truth, Doesn’t Discern Between Misinformation and Disinformation
Who woulda thunk
E.T. and 9/11
Just ordered this sick shirt off the interwebz
Happy Halloween
Reminder Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated by Zionist leaders over the Oslo Accords.
Conspiracy themed short film "10 20 20" by Crystal Protection Limited Productions
Reminder: Fake News is Real News
Not mine saw it on Facebook
New York Times Word Usage Frequency (1970-2019)
The number of actual conspiracy theorists on this sub is much smaller than the number of shills and kool aide drinkers.
Anyone notice all the fires today? There are fires in Japan, Chile, Pakistan, California
Finding The Finders (Mini-documentary) : Jamie Dlux
Rex Tillerson admits climate change is real and with us for the long term
Can anyone provide evidence to show Epstein was ever even in the prison? Anything? I couldn’t. I’ve come to the realisation that this entire Epstein narrative is a lie. We’ve been shown nothing that confirms any part of the narrative - he is still alive and wasn’t ever in the prison to start with.
Conspiracy themed short film "10 20 20" by Crystal Protection Limited Productions. Please check it out. Many easter eggs and bread crumbs.
Photo evidence of Epstein's death
'Alarming' loss of insects and spiders recorded
Russ Mckamey Is A Murderer//heart Attacks//Non-Responsive
Quotes from High Level insider, Michael Aquino, about psychotronic weapons.
Happy Halloween Hooligans
Gab wants to go to war with the Drudge Report
Kevin Spacey's sexual assault charges have been dropped after his accuser dies.
Read White House official’s full opening statement from today’s hearing
Tom MacDonald a rapper, talking about cloning in one of his music videos then talks about how he will be killed for speaking the truth against the Illuminati in his next music video.
Bombshell Revelation As Anti-Trump Whistleblower's Identity Blows Wide Open: Biden, Obama, Susan Rice Connected
What is "May Day"?
I just found that carefully displayed on my hotel room pillow (I'm staying there the whole month, just left for a couple of hours to go on some errands, this thing wasn't there when I left). It is made with paper, like a kind of very small origami thing . Is here is some known significance to it ?
Reminder: Before Biden bribed a foreign country $1B to remove a prosecutor from a case his son was involved with, there was an attempted assassination.
TIL Game of Thrones Showrunner David Benioff's dad Stephen Friedman was former head of Goldman Sachs, Chairman of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board and Chairman of the New York Federal Reserve Bank.
I Accidentally Uncovered a Nationwide Scam Run by Fake Hosts on Airbnb
The Complete Video: The Kilgore Files and the Hooters Phenomenon - Las Vegas Shooting Smoking Gun?
Democrats want to vote on an impeachment inquiry 12 months before the election, based on a report from a Biden connected operative?
Im very passionate about this one.
Lingerie TRY ON HAUL by Julia Rose
Epstein joke
Twitter Deletes Tulsi Gabbard Post Calling for Trump to Declassify 911 Records in 22 Minutes.
Time To Wake Up To Who Controls The Publics Perceptions Of Reality - Who Owns The Media? - Powerful 2019 Expose'
The Illusion of Diversity
Overpopulation is a hoax - 7.7 billion is a lie.
WHAT is this ALIEN STRANGE CREATURE or DWARF successfully filmed in the forest of Russia. The mysterious creature was filmed in the forests of Russia on September 8, 2019. unknown being was black color of growth roughly forty centimeters
Best place to get factual information/videos not altered to fit mainstream media?
How The Russian Social Media Troll Effort Boosted Bernie
The Government Controls the Weather
100% Proof Epstein was Killed
R/conspiracy is pretty much 100% salty whiny Bernie bros
Brave New World Order
The private corporation we call the DNC. Proof of them being found to rig general elections. To defraud voters. To deprive you of democracy. Because they are a private corporation.
If it turns out Eric Ciaramella is Schiff’s informant, people ought to know that Billionaire Clinton donor Victor Pinchuk sent 🇺🇦 MP Bielkova to meet with him same day she met with David Kramer and kicked Steele Dossier operation into high gear. ie “Whistleblower” = Dossier 2.0
Movies VS Reality
The breakdown of the Adam and Eve Story, declassified by the CIA.
Update on Navy "UFO" patents
does anyone know what's going on with the Donald? Comments dissapearing
The leader of isis is a deep fake. He’s been killed several times and during one of his resurrections he came back with a video.
James Holmes interview with psychiatrist
UN aid workers 'raped 60,000 in ten years' as sex abuse went unchecked. Organization may employ 3300 pedophiles.
What if intelligent Alien life existed and had the powers and abilities, similar to those of a God's?
Lots of Breadcrumbs lead to santa being a satanic creation
Has anyone heard about 714x? Have They Found A Cure to Cancer?
VIDEO: Self-proclaimed billionaire threatens UF student for bringing up his corporatist background.
Publisher vs. Platform on the internet
The American Civil War II - When The Mask of Equality Comes Off.
NSC Official Testifies He Heard Nothing Illegal On Trump-Zelensky Call, Transcript Accurate. There goes the entire narrative and basis for Schiff's fake impeachment attempt.
Octopus Nearly Rips Woman’s Face Off After She Tries To Eat It Alive
Luciferian Satanic Illuminati Kabbalist Sabbatean Frankists - Cult Of The All Seeing Eye
10 Conspiracy theories surrounding Antarctica that might be true
Epstein didn't kill himself vs. Epstein is still alive
What left wing MSM won't tell you about - NSC Official Testifies He Heard Nothing Illegal On Trump-Zelensky Call, Transcript Accurate
Elite Pedophilia: A summary of my findings
Adam McKay Developing Jeffrey Epstein Limited Series at HBO
An Open Letter to Everyone who has forever Mocked Conspiracy Theory #epstein
Israeli firm (unit 8200) hacks whatsapp to spy on US officials and US allies. If this was Iran, we'd sanction them, yet Israel continues to be rewarded for intruding on America.
The Nationals winning the World Series might be a little distracting for the recent FBI dump regarding "The Finders"
The Future of Surveillance: 500,000 AI Facial Scans Per Month in China
FINDING THE FINDERS - The extraordinary tale of a CIA-front abusing and trafficking kids in the 1980s
Obama On Woke Culture
Stephen Kinzer "Poisoner in Chief: Sidney Gottlieb and the CIA Search for Mind Control" BookTV
What are societies of control?
It's a damn globe.
McMartin Preschool and the FBI Vault Finders release.
what are some cool ways spies used to send messages to one another?
100% PROOF EPSTEIN WAS KILLED
Does bottled water contain Fluoride ? Any advice on drinking water?
ISIS = Israeli Secret Intelligence Service
Did anybody watch south Park last night? Thought I saw a guy modeled after Epstein.
Del Bigtree exposes BIG PHARMA | Listen to this mans story and ask yourself again - Are vaccines safe?
Here's all the people and organizations that are bankrolling the current coup attempt
this is the best opportunity to build your own business join us now
Google is having an existential crisis
[SERIOUS] Why is no one talking about how Jeff Epstein worked for Adnan Khashoggi, the man who sold American weapons to Iran in the Iran-Contra Affair? (Source in body of post)
Massive Global Warming Event
if you want to build your own business this is the opportunity ger it now
TIL that Game of Thrones showrunner David Benioff's dad Stephen Friedman was former head of Goldman Sachs.
CIA-trained Afghan forces behind war atrocities, Human Rights Watch says
Doorways in the ground nailed shut, temple barricaded, gargoyle statues, sundial, occult symbology, everything these independent journalists found when they STORMED Epstein's Island.
Huh.....
Someone was sick of the Simpsons predicting the future
Reddit Must End Politically Motivated Publishing Decisions
Riches, Clintons, and Gores, Oh My!
Principal refuses to affirm mainstream view of holocaust, gets fired while on vacation
California Republic Flag on Twitter
2010 interview of Gaddafi. Aside from the Lockerbie questions his comments on terrorism are pretty intriguing.
Honest Government Ad | The Melbourne Cup
Epstein Island Temple
The Real History of Werewolf Attacks
So let's get this straight - Talking Points Rebuttal
The Harsh Reality: American Citizens Are Being Censored, Gaslighted, Divided And Conquered While Israel Drains Their Bank Accounts
IT'S TIME! ARE YOU READY?
CIA-Backed Militia Targeted Clinics in Afghanistan, Killing Medical Workers &amp; Civilians: The US government can't equip foreign military units with a “credible” history of human rights abuse. However, that restriction is for State &amp; Defense departments; there is no analogous law for intelligence ops.
I present two news headlines. Published a few weeks apart. One is a problem and the other the solution. You decide.
The Holocaust was fake news. Holocaust did not happen. Consider this:
Norway is stealing children from their parents. The EU government noticed.
Timeline: Trump, Giuliani, Bidens, and Ukraine
Journalist Max Blumenthal Arrested, MSM Silent: Mainstream Journalists Who Refuse to Defend Dissident Journalists Are Worshipers of Power
Report: CIA Involvement in Afghanistan
Are you a former flat earth believe?
It took 60 years for the CIA to officially admit that it organized the 1953 coup in Iran to overthrow a democratically elected leader. Goal of Operation TP-AJAX: for western oil companies to control Iran’s oil
Covington Kid Lawsuit REINSTATED Against WaPo: A federal judge has reopened the $250 million defamation case filed by a Covington Catholic High School student against The Washington Post, which was thrown out in July.
Court transcript of Judge allowing Sandman case to move to discovery against CNN also... Same as Washington Post.
Surveillance
"Mistake" they say. "Big Brother" I say.
Anonymity on the Internet
Does anybody know what these symbols mean if they mean something. I found it in my father’s drawer in a hidden box
Snowden a Russian plant to undermine the American government system?
Holywood elite living among thousands of third worlder kids. What could go wrong?
Welcome to the Bill Gates of hell!
After Julian Assange, the US imperialist beast goes after Max Blumenthal: the brutal hunt against independent journalism officially begins!
Hunter S Thompson - September 12, 2001
Scientists Were Hunting for the Next Ebola. Now the U.S. Has Cut Off Their Funding.
Clearing up the confusion
These guys went to Epstein's Island, filmed it, probably going to be taken down.
Happy Halloween! Keep on fighting!!
Faculty members defy Chancellor's criticism of event to raise awareness of Israeli atrocities on Campus
Is the illuminati web site common knowledge? (I never see any reference to it.)
Wow. Damning new evidence about Outback Steakhouse taking down Chi-Chi's Mexican Restaurant. Inside job! Corporate espionage.
They're not acting folks.
New academic study indicates white cops not more likely to shoot black suspects
Year 2019 will probably the last year of Hong Kong. The next year is Year Zero.
Greta Thunberg Calls on Facebook to Censor Her Critics
So if the Whistleblower is Eric..
The private corporation we call the DNC. The court transcripts of them being found within their rights to rig primary elections. To defraud voters. To deprive you of democracy. Because they are a private corporation.
All the posts saying to stop posting memes about Epstein and start doing something are bullshit, here's why.
SS: Prince Harry, Meghan Markle "Eclipse" Prince Andrew/ Epstein Coverage- coincidence? I think not. The reason the BRF is dragging their feet to stop the negativity surrounding MM and PH is because they are more than happy to have any type of coverage to distract from PA.
Terry Davis Death Hoax (TempleOS)
HRW: CIA-Trained 'Death Squads' Behind Afghan War Crimes
YouTube Doesn’t Know Where Its Own Line Is
Never
A lingering question about Operation Paperclip
Why You Might Not Want to Believe Michael Baden, Celebrity Pathologist, on Epstein’s Death
Pillars of light before earthquakes???
I don't know if there is any relation, but the Shuri Castle fire started when the Epstein case was re-opened.
Ill Omen?
AIRDROP][BOUNTY] 💥 BURNY TOKEN💥〘GET YOUR REWARDS NOW!💰💰💰
Mass meditation to counter and heal all the dark rituals the cabal will be performing this Halloween and samhain holiday!
Forget that fake controlled opposition Netflix 'documentary' that is confusing globies across the plane. Watch this instead! 200 Proofs Earth is Not a Spinning Ball (HD Remastered)
This small snippet from the CGP Grey video about City of London perfectly demonstrates how conspiracy theories are ridiculed out of existence.
How do you feel about those who try to BULLY people with alternative ideas?
Jeffrey Epstein Island Update: Videos and Images on UK Daily Mail site showing exploration of the island
Why No 2020 Election? The Establishment Left and MSM are the same people who think that “inclusion” means shutting down free speech, who believe that the US should not have borders, who promote transsexual reading hours in the grammar schools, and who fiercely desire to start a war with Russia.
the JEWS are controlling the state, proof inside
Strange being or the specter of in the tree in the forest. a mysterious creature was hiding in a tree and peeping. the strange creature had one eye maybe it was a Cyclops or a Ghost
I let my cat out and now im freaking out
For those who have a better understanding of chemistry then I do.
Look at what these freaks call "fine art". So ugly and disgusting.
Jeffrey Epstein commits suicide, 2019, colourised
The Virus Of Religion: An Ancient War On Human Consciousness
The One Conspiracy &amp; The Conspiracy of ONE
Meet the World’s Worst Economist
Meet the World’s Worst Economist
Hunting Limited Edition from JT Worldwide
Tulsi Gabbard Obliterates Hillary's 'Failed Legacy' In Scorching OP-ED
Jeffrey Epstein
Is it still bad if a weird girl like Greta Thunberg is trying to save your planet?
Further Ukraine and Russian Mafia Connections
Stood out for me
Twitter bans all political advertising
Who is behind Greta? Except the "usual suspects"?
FBI files confirm tunnels and evidence of Satanism and child abuse beneath California preschool with CIA ties
After reading the article, it looks like they fired him after ‘due process’, but even so, he didn’t even deny the Holocaust. All he did was point out that he was open to the idea of it having inconsistencies and they burned him at the stake.
Ok!
PDF to the Truth ( Matrix and everything that is going on) Donald Marshall Golden Truth #SharetheTruth
Searching the video clip where the drone is flying above Jeffrey Epstein island. Also there was a face close up somewhere
[NSFW] [RUMOR] ALLEGED photo of Jeff Epstein's penis from the autopsy
Donald Trump with his pimp, Jeffrey Epstein, 2000. “He’s a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side.” -DT, 2002
Aliens have contacted another country besides the us.
Brave New World Analysis
Implications of a White Minority America
New Robot makes Soldiers Obsolete
Consider this: the Epstein meme may not be organic. Keep evolving it pedes!
Cmdr Fravor of "2004 Nimitz" Fame. Coincidence?
UMass Amherst faculty respond to chancellor statement attacking BDS panel
Epstein didn't kill himself
If Bernie Sanders is such an honest, courageous and outspoken individual - why the hell hasn't he questioned the Jeffrey Epstein "suicide" case yet?
WTF reddit? A 6 year old post by an account that doesn't exist was just edited?
(Video) Question Highlights About US/Israel Relationship For Charlie Kirk at University Of New Hampshire
Kelly slater knows what’s up
Outstanding move!
Epstein's Pedo Island: NSA Intercepted 100% of his Internet Traffic
When you see it...
This was removed because it didn’t have a submission statement.
Murderous Donald Trump supporter, Vladimir Putin fan, skeptic and troll u/JustARandommer made a post on his subreddit r/JustARandommer about someone who should be dead via an increase in his meds, just like Wikipedia's BatteryIncluded/Rowan Forest. Someone's gonna cry...
‘Mattress Mack’ was in a position to win $22M on Astros in World Series.
Netflix Show Big Mouth Episode "Disclosure the Movie: The Musical!" is based on real sex-scandal
Comedians are a PSY OP
NOAH was a real ALIEN
Explained: Cults. The Netflix series “explained” has an episode on “cults”. — I highly recommend everyone watch it.
Massive Firefight in Northern Virginia
The Unstoppable Horror of the 21st Century [Essay/Culture/Film]
Adam Schiff's coup attempt exposed. Hes currently attempting to have complete control over his fake impeachment investigation and restrict anyone outside of his circle access to any of the information
Americans Opinions On Ending "Forever Wars"
Looking through these Epstein Homicide posts on FB and...
Maybe we could send someone to the Moon
Adam and Eve &amp; Eden and The Angel of The Flaming Sword By Manly P. Hall
Nutrition/Food/Drink/Diet Megathread?
Trump shares offensive "doctored" photos. This administration has completely derailed.
Any thoughts on this?
Political autonomy survey
Cartman showed us that if album sales plummet turn to the Christian community and boom instant success. Kayne, Justin Bieber, Demi Lovato and Thomas Rhett have all taking notes from South Park.
Happy Halloween and...
Clint Eastwood's Richard Jewell Trailer.
The top story on CNN's website for the last two days has been about white supremacists. Nobody finds that strange or out of place? It's propaganda to stir racial division.
THEY'RE NOT ACTING FOLKS
MSM convinces leftist parents to hurt their children to destroy healthy personal and familial autonomy
The First Independent Media To Invade Epstein's Island [Share Before Taken Down]
Im a dumbduck and a physics enthusiast. Tryna attract other creatures like me to carry on with this thought process.
Abraham Lincoln was just a character, played by a few look alikes, using prosthetic make up effects.
“The population is not aware”
The conspiracy around Epstein's death is being publicized by mainstream media like the NYT. Anyone else skeptical about how this conspiracy has gone viral?
3 Jeffrey Epstein questions being hidden/"auto filtered" for "key words." What key words?????
Epstein's pimp Maxwell has connections to CNN and Fox
Wal-Mart doesn't pay taxes, but sucks our coffers dry. Could not think of a better title.
Synchromystic musings on Twin Peaks Tulpa's and the collective tapestry of art we all create together.
The Big Banks Own Twitter, Not Jack Dorsey
This is a job listing in Atlanta. They say George Soros pays people to protest. True or not. Someone is paying people to do this
Mayday! Top Trump adviser steps down ahead of impeachment testimony
Anti-bullying legislation is a social destroyer
What a great World Series tonight. Truth 32 - Lies 0.
Epstein's pimp Maxwell has connections to CNN President's wife and connections to Fox
Why the flip flop??? (Bible Rant?) (Stoner Thoughts)
Vaping Conspiracy
Challenge: On Monday Aug 5th, following the shootings in El Paso and Dayton Oh, Trump gave a press conference from the Whitehouse where he advocates for Red Flag laws, pushes the “White Supremacist Terrorist” narrative, and advocates internet censorship—-The conference doesn’t exist any more
How to Disable 5G on Smart Wifi Routers?
Epstein who cares?
Coca Cola and Pepsi are secretly partnered.
PSA: the *TRUE* nature of Trump and his relationship to the mainstream media
Was the "Satanic Panic" an FBI psy-ops campaign?
Anybody have any factual, non “jumping to conclusions” documentaries about the Federal Reserve I can show to my dad to stoke the fires a little ?
#Epstein
This man also didn't kill himself and shouldn't be forgotten.
Hidden Government Facility With Gravestones?
[Meta] Crab mentality and the conspiracy theory community
Crab mentality and the conspiracy theory community
NYTimes finally beginning to see the truth on Epstein. “Points to homicide”
Dr James fetzer
Cracks in Boeing 737 airplanes
Did Russ Mckamey Make Me Famous? Am I Famous?
Let the babies hit the floor
HELP ME FIND! That video with the astronauts speech with the weird message in it.
Created shooter by intelligence community?
The User spellsoftruth has started to upload information the Elite doesn't want you to see on the pocketnet blockchain. I don't know what material he plans to store but it looks significant.
List of Atrocities committed by US authorities
Media ousts Vindman as the Whistleblower
The user spellsoftruth has started to store information which the government doesn't like on the blockchain permanently. Give it a read.
Conspiracy Theory: The House recently recognized the Armenian Genocide in order to provoke Turkey and disrupt ceasefire negotiations.
Just gonna leave this here...
VAXXED II: The People’s Truth
Reminder: this man did not kill himself.
E-cigarettes have been a thing since around 2008, but a few months after Altria, owner of Phillip Morris, invests $12 billion to buy 35% of Juul, people just start dropping dead?
welcome to the right place
Danny Elfman of Oingo Boingo and film score fame makes a disturbing joke on his Facebook
ok this seattle november 3rd shit is getting weird now look at this trailer for the rookie wtf maybe they just fucking with people
This is the thing I wanted to post the other day. This is actively going on in my community and others around. Worth the watch.
Kanye West knows whats up
When The Herd Turns
A couple things i noticed on Epstein's black book + a question
SEATTLE NOVEMBER 2019 False Flag Terror Attack original video upload has now reached over 150,000 viewers.
Economic Hit Man Confesses and Calls to Action | John Perkins
State Of California
Anti-war Journalist Max Blumenthal Arrested in DC on 5 Month Old Trumped-up Charges Stemming From His Attempt to Feed Under Seiged Venezuelan Embassy Workers.
So what is true and how do we stop misinformation and forum post burials?
Some Interesting &amp; Verifiable Numerical Facts about 9/11/2001
Plane crashed into an apartment and building didn't collapse!
Russ McKamey With White Substance On Face Injection Marks On Hands
Schiffs WB is a registered Democrat held over from the Obama White House, previously worked with former Vice President Joe Biden and former CIA Director John Brennan, a vocal critic of Trump who helped initiate the Russia “collusion” investigation of the Trump campaign during the 2016 election.
Anyone know a source for this photo? Found it a while back when combing through my old computer.
There is no such thing as 'hate speech'...
Why are police out side my house?
Shocking vaccine truth: Hundreds of cancer genes are deliberately engineered into the MMR vaccine to promote cancer for generations to come – GOVERNMENT SLAVES
20 years from now...
FBI agents were still working and investigating Saudi 9/11 conspiracy up till 2016!
Making The Connections To The Real Questions - if you really want to know what is happening on this planet and why things like the most important witness in modern history (Jeffery Epstein) was allowed to die, effectively destroying incriminating evidence of utter corruption at the highest levels...
Apartment complex installed "SmartHome" devices in my apartment without my consent, is asking me to sign a lease addendum consenting to personal data collection and agreeing to be financially responsible for maintenance and upkeep of said devices. What are my options? [Colorado]
Did Paul McCartney really die in 1966? The history of the conspiracy theory | Vinyl Rewind
Interesting
Rich white 1 percenter forgets hes a rich white 1 percenter that owns 3 houses
It’s easy to say Jeffrey Epstein didn’t kill himself but can the community provide clarity on what did happen then?
[SERIOUS] Is there extensive proof that Epstein wasn't murdered, but managed to escape? If you think so, care to share this proof?
Was anyone else arrested alongside Epstein?
Closing of Israeli Embassies worldwide. Ideas?
NYTimes: Epstein’s Autopsy “Points to Suicide”
Clear example of deflection: induce apathy, then distract
Harvard would admit 50 percent more Asian Americans without ‘legacy, athlete and racial preferences’
What are some modern ways drugdealers/spies communicate online?
#Teamtrees is a giant conspiracy to hide dead bodies.
I posit Admiral Byrd's nickname "Admiral of the Ends of the Earth" was not because he traveled both poles, but because Antarctica is the Ends of Earth.
They Really Stormed Epstein’s Island; Let Go back
Twitter to stop accepting political ads
Degenerate New Ad pushes against Feminity by promoting Female Mustache
Kanye West claims Democrats have 'brainwashed' black Americans and effectively forces them to 'abort their children'
Two guys landed their boat on Epsteins island. Here is their video
URGENT: What is the pentagon defense department having PR for today?!
Biometric Vaccines Are Here Preceding Forced Digital ID
Flu Shot Fails to Protect Seniors and Increases Miscarriages
Jeffrey Epstein Series Set at HBO
Geoengineering: Answers To The Most Commonly Asked Questions
Political Side
Never forget Bill Cooper! Alex Jones only wishes he was on his level! R.I.P.
Johns Hopkins study finds that taking acetaminophen (paracetamol) during pregnancy doubles the ADHD and autism risks for the child.
The trans movement?
Chile protesters: 'We are subjugated by the rich. It's time for that to end'
Anyone else see the rise The rise of Uber stories about Uber drivers being evil and trying to scam people? It’s all planned
Epstein autopsy showed signs consistent with strangulation not suicide
For a change of pace - here's a video of a UFO dissipating a chemtrail.
California wild fires were created by rogue PG&amp;E officials and corrupt state government using DEE’s
Pathologist Hired by Epstein's Brother Is Now Backing the Conspiracy Theory That He Was Murdered
Why is the NYT reporting this? Some type of 5-d chess or what.
Just add a pinch of conspiracy
What they don't want us to know
Democracy overridden in local subreddit to promote promote witchcraft instead
USS Liberty Survivor Slams Charlie Kirk For "Insulting" Survivors As "Conspiracy Theorists"
What did he done this time?
Pathologist Agrees With Epstein Murder Conspiracy
Johns Hopkins: Tylenol use during pregnancy may increase Autism and ADHD rates
Media
Update on Maxwell?
MLB: Max Scherzer faked his injury
100k more upvotes than any Epstein conspiracy posts etc. Reddit is a double agent.
As we're discussing the death of ISIS leader Al Baghdadi, let's remember the United States created ISIS to remove Syrian president Assad after he refused to support a natural gas pipeline
As we celebrate unconfirmed reports of the death of Al Baghdadi, let's remember that ISIS was created by the United States after Assad did not cooperate on construction of a natural gas pipeline.
A Timeline of CIA Atrocities
APOCALYPSE CALIFORNIA: TOXIC YELLOW HAZE UNDER BLACKOUT CALIFORNIA
Antifa Time Travelers Part 2 The Flagellents
Not sure where else to post this, but when I was telling another commenter about how a gif of Trump was being misrepresented, the “Automod” removed my comment for “unsafe language”.
It's real yo
Michael Baden: Jeffrey Epstein Case Looks Like Homicide ("I think that the evidence points more to homicide than suicide")
Shocking vaccine truth: Hundreds of cancer genes are deliberately engineered into the MMR vaccine to promote cancer for generations to come
HUMOUR Exposing Canadian corruption
Do not forget that all of these 46 Clinton associates just randomly died.
Yahoo news uses Joker mask as headline photo for recent Texas shooting, article has no mention of anything related to the movie or character. Really makes you hmmmmmm.
Do forget about all of these 46 Clinton associates that all just randomly died
Wake up people!
"Crimes Of The Educators" with Alex Newman
The 36 Weirdest Conspiracy Theories On The Internet
TIL The US government imposed a livestock reduction on the Navajo in the 1930s. They bulldozed trenches,herded sheep and goats into them, coated them in flammable liquid, and burned them alive. They were promised land expansion that never materialized. From the memoir of Chester Nez, Code Talker.
Lucis Trust Exposed
25 Weirdest Conspiracy Theories On The Internet
Steve Jobs died because of AIDS
Commercial planes flying over and impact on over-the-air antennas.
Does anyone actually think Epstein is dead?
17 Bizarre Conspiracy Theories That’ll Freak You The Hell Out
The 12 craziest conspiracy theories on the internet
all before our eyes in broad daylight, hiding in plain sight
The Second World War was not about Hitler trying to kill Jews, as the Zionist Narrative teaches, as Zionists want us all to believe. In fact, WW2 was not at all about genocide of Jews. WW2 was all about Hitler trying to lead Germany to recovery from being blamed &amp; punished for The First World War.
[Meta] don't make it easy for the partisan shills to control our sub.
Israel closing embassies? Anyone noticing Israelis leaving the country?
Conspiracy Theorists Have Been Right So Many Times and Mainstream Media has proven time after time to report lies and propaganda. Time to change what we consider "Credible Sources".
First Episode of a New Conspiracy Podcast!
Theory: China is trying to sterilize our (USA) men
What should be included in a Bill/Act to get rid of the Federal Reserve and other future attempts by little dudes?
Epstein Update
Wake up! It was hasbro who funded terrorist group cobra!
Jeffrey Epstein’s injuries look more like murder than suicide, noted pathologist says
‘Hanging does not cause these broken bones’: Epstein’s injuries more consistent with homicide, noted pathologist says
Jeffrey Epstein's death was 'likely homicide, not suicide', says famed NYC pathologist | The Independent
Release the Autopsy Footage! How is it possible that this is the only pic we have of "Epstein" after his "death"?
Michael Obama says whites ‘still running’ away from minorities, immigrants.
Large inconsistencies in Boston Marathon Bombing
9/11 Was a work, Brotha
America’s economy made a deal with the satanic cabal in March 2009 at height of financial crisis.
Why did Microsoft fund an Israeli firm that surveils West Bank Palestinians?
Food for thought....
In a surprise to absolutely no one, Epstein’s autopsy points to homicide rather than suicide
Jason Bermas deciphers Jeffrey Epstein suicide narrative put out by fox news!
Remember when the FBI said Satam al-Suqami's passport was handed to an NYPD detective just before Tower 2 collapsed?
Why is Donald Trump refusing to investigate into Epstein’s murder?
Reddit was right... Again
Epstein autopsy looked into again more closely related to homicide
Stephen Kinzer "Poisoner in Chief: Sidney Gottlieb and the CIA Search for Mind Control" a fascinating look at the person and career behind the MK-Ultra program, crosspost from r/BookTVonReddit
"Ukraine expert" (aka deep state mole) says under oath, that he tried to illegally fudge an official government transcript used for impeaching a sitting president and was "advising" a foreign government on their dealings with the US (aka spying)
Why the Family Courts are so Destructive
California Republic Flag Dabbing Bear
Who wants to bet that Dr. Baden mysteriously commits suicide next?
I talked to my friend about how I wanted some wireless bluetooth earphones and conveniently got this ad I've never seen before. They're listening -_-
When you are overpaid, underworked &amp; bored. Protecting the wealthy class can get monotonous....
USS Liberty veteran/survivor Joe Meadors writes open letter to Charlie Kirk after Kirk called someone a “conspiracy theorist” for asking about his stance on it.
There Are Over 15 Nazca "Runways" In The Region
Andrew pictures were not doctored says Virginia!
Elon Musk sucks.
"Do these images look similar? The top is a map of Missing 411 cases. The bottom is a map of America’s cave systems. Caves seem to play an interesting roll in some of these disappearances. The Mammoth Cave system in particular had caught my interest." Saw this and thought I'd share.
Dave Chappelle: First Amendment Only Safe Because of the Second Amendment
Deepfake
There’s no way your phone isn’t listening to you
Don't let this get forgotten, or the fact Netanyahu said Israel has benefited from 9 1 1. Wasn't he also indicted on corruption too??
USS Liberty Survivor Slams Charlie Kirk for 'Insulting' Survivors As 'Conspiracy Theorists': "Your use of the term as a pejorative is a direct insult to the sacrifice of 34 of our shipmates, the effort of those of us who survived the attack and the suffering of the families of the fallen."
Chilling in Hanoi, Let's Discuss Fakeology
Epsteins Doctors interview
Some files I found in the Hulsey WTC7 report ( southside collapse view data models.
After Epstein's autopsy, forensic pathologist says the evidence points towards homicide, not suicide.
Spread the word: Epstein is still alive
Pyramids inside the Bermuda Triangle
A second aide to Democrat senator Maggie Hassan (D-NH) has been sentenced for her role in assisting a former staffer to break into the senator’s office to hack computers and obtain the names and personal information of Republican politicians.
John Paul I was murdered, according to new "tell-all" book by Italian mobster, claiming he helped poison the Pope with cyanide after just 33 days (!): "They targeted the pope because he threatened to expose a massive stock fraud run by half the cardinals and bishops in the Vatican."
Down the Rabbit Hole, Barack Obama, Tom Morello &amp; Satanism, Space Kids and the Cyborg Project
Middleman pleads guilty to funneling money from a Saudi tycoon, serving as a top fundraiser for both Obama and Hillary Clinton during their presidential runs.
DOWN THE RABBIT HOLE, BARACK OBAMA, TOM MORELLO &amp; SATANISM, SPACE KIDS AND THE CYBORG PROJECT
We cannot accept this: When the elite face sex-crime charges, they kill their accusers. Kevin Spacey won't face criminal charges after accuser's death
DNA-Based Companies
Talks from recent 9/11 conference in Switzerland, including speakers such as Richard Gage and Niels Harrit, now available to watch online
Wake up! It was hasbro who funded terrorist group cobra!
I'm loving the new Kanye album!
Celebrity pathologist who peddled JFK "magic bullet" theory says Epstein likely strangled: The suicide vs. murder meme is meant to mask the fact that Epstein is very much alive.
Below, is an article supporting what we all know. Epstein didn’t kill himself!
To science
Truthful Rant on the planned closing down of America.
Which tier are you?
People who don't LS swap RX7s
I think I'm on the correct sub to post this. I have a lot of interest for the phenomenon of Chemtrails, I would like your opinion on this point 👀
Reddit Conspiracy
WaPo trying to persuade it's readers to abolish the first amendment with "hate speech" laws.
Love all the recycled ‘Epstein died of strangulation’ articles the past few days
Howard Stern references child abduction and satanic ritual sacrifice
The deal they make: why the ultra wealthy don’t give more to charity or pay their taxes.
The Hydrogen Car of Las Vegas
China is Becoming a Blockchain-Powered Orwellian Dystopia
Super Videos
Kevin Spacey is off the hook for sexual assault charges after his accuser, an unidentified massage therapist, has suddenly turned up dead, forcing the D.A. to drop the charges. Since he is anonymous, there are no details on how the man died.
Conspiracy or not this is Hilarious 🤣
Aye, turns out epstines didn’t kill himself according to medical examiners
Lady Gaga on Jimmy Kimmel's show: "I Swear to Lucifer"
Medical examiner say's epstien was murderd, doesn't understand why it was ruled a suicide.
Dover Demon Encounters: Alien, Mutant, Cryptid, or Government Created Monster
Kevin Spacey's sexual assault case dropped, victim died. Kevin Spacey flew with Bill Clinton on Jeffrey Epsteins jet and was accused of trying to rape 14 year old Anthony Rapp.
Theory: Iranian "beauty queen" seeking asylum in Philippines is a clumsy attempt to spy on Trump, hoping his weakness for beautiful women will result in him bringing her to US and getting close to her.
Famed pathologist Michael Baden says Jeffrey Epstein’s death was homicide
The IRS Tried to Hide Emails That Show Tax Industry Influence Over Free File Program - After ProPublica sued the IRS, the agency released emails that show it has allowed the tax preparation industry to write the rules
Forensic Pathologist Who Observed Jeffrey Epstein’s Autopsy: Fatal Injuries More Consistent with Homicide Than Suicide
Theory: Iranian "beauty queen" is a clumsy attempt to get a spy close to Trump, with the hope his weakness for beautiful women will lead to him making accommodations for her in the US and then get close to her.
Ok, now tell us something we don't know
Just your daily reminder Epstein didn’t kill himself - Autopsy “Points to Homicide”.
* surprised pikachu face *
[META] Rule 10 has been removed
Laser weapon targeting "Woke" people?
Impeachment is a false flag campaign by the right wing to cover up international interference in the upcoming elections until the GOP can install their duly unelected head piece back into power.
Agenda21 Population Control
Not sure if this, has been discussed here but has anyone connected the fires with the banning of Ham radio in, California?
Interesting developments..
JUST IN: The body of disgraced money man and sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, who was found dead in his Manhattan federal prison cell in August, bore telltale signs of homicide despite an official ruling that he killed himself
The Intellectual Dark Web?
Famed pathologist Michael Baden says Jeffrey Epstein’s death was homicide
Epstein's body bore marks of strangulation, claims medical examiner
Famed medical examiner makes explosive claim regarding Epstein's death - more likely homicide
Epstein offed: It is hitting the mainstream news.
Interesting markings on this villain.
Saudi pleads GUILTY to funneling money to 0bama inauguration. Bonus: also a major fundraiser for Crooked Hillary
Jeffrey Epstein death, not suicide. Maybe.
Jeffrey Epstein's autopsy more consistent with homicidal strangulation than suicide, Dr. Michael Baden reveals
Bernie Sanders: “I am very proud to be Jewish &amp; look forward to being the first Jewish President of this country”... Jews hate Trump. They have invaded Palestine now they want to take over the US.
EDKH
This isn't a conspiracy per se, but more a reminder to love each other. There IS a conspiracy against love. Love and unity defeats power. Spread Love.
Jeffrey Epstein's autopsy more consistent with homicidal strangulation than suicide, Dr. Michael Baden reveals
The mysterious Mr. Epstein. "At Harvard, Epstein tells the group that he doesn’t like helping the poor because it will result in overpopulation. His own plan:Bringing women by groups of 20 to his ranch and inseminates them with his sperm. “The key to improving the human race is more Epstein’s DNA”"
Acclaimed Forensic Pathologist Michael Baden to make explosive claim re: Jeffrey Epstein on Fox&amp;Friends
Girlfriend of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock is seen for the first time in two years
Kevin Spacey accuser dies.
Something is Terribly Wrong With Hotel Lucia
TIL the missing persons report filed by Kurt Cobain's mother prior to his death was actually filed by Courtney Love.
Guerilla Journalists Sneak Onto Jeffrey Epstein's 'Pedo Island'
American Media Silent After UN Just Called for Decriminalizing Drug Use Worldwide
North Carolina man wins $200,000 lottery prize on the way to his last cancer treatment
I put this here because the controlled naratives subreddits banned me. Rich fuckers like Musk do not donate money because they are good people. Is a public relations move, the law allows them to donate money instead of those money going to taxes
US Sergeant threatens violent civil war if Trump is impeached or gun control is implemented.
Flat earthers...
They Live, We Sleep: Beware The Growing Evil In Our Midst
I'd just like to say something about the kanye west album
[Again!] Baghdadi given burial at sea, afforded religious rites: U.S. officials
I had a supernatural experience that made me believe we are living in a simulation.
2nd Joe Rogan Facebook Post with "Epstein didn't kill himself" - sTiR iT uP
Is current administration mafiosi?
Too good not to post it here
Does this footage of "the whole earth" from Himawari-8 satellite seem off to anyone else or is this real footage?
Flynn hearing canceled after lawyer claims FBI manipulated files
Type in "Can you see Earth spinning from space", and get met with 100+ pages of garbage contradictory trash from NASA affiliated agencies such as space.com, and so on. Cartoons are their proof. Absolute farce. Each article contradicts the last. No globie has a clue wtf is going on!
Conspiracy vs. Plan?
Come say hi 😁
UMass Amherst faculty respond to chancellor statement attacking BDS panel – Mondoweiss
Point Nemo; a monumental oceanic conspiracy?
Tulsi Gabbard: Release 9/11 docs related to Saudis.
Share this because yes
There were 666 days of separation Between the Mandalay Bay “Route 91 Harvest” shooting &amp; The Gilroy “Garlic Harvest” shooting in California earlier this year
You can't serve two masters
666 Days = Time Elapsed Between 2017 Mandalay Bay Route 91 HARVEST Festival mass Shooting &amp; 2019 Gilroy Garlic HARVEST Festival mass shooting. *NOTE* Gilroy Garlic Festival took place on “Christmas Hill” in Gilroy CA.
The Federal Reserve vs The Board Of Governors Of The Federal Reserve
What is the ultimate red pill?
Divide and rule
So, what's up with the aliens?
Open Letter to Charlie Kirk by USS Liberty Survivor
Joe Rogan has his say
The Conspiracy Collection Reveal | Jeffree Star x Shane Dawson Time Stamped.
WhatsApp sues Israeli firm, accusing it of hacking activists' phones
Wake up!
[meta] Why is a conspiracy sub not talking about widespread corruption in the executive branch and the pending impeachment?
Israel Embassies Shutting down world wide
"The Finders" KILL ROOM FOUND - Pegasus Museum owned by Alefantis?
Facebook Is Spying On You.
Police literally only protect one thing and it's fucking disgusting
That time when CNBC reported a story about $4.3 trillion missing from the treasury that was instantly removed from the website and then 4 hours later a CNBC executive's kids got murdered.
Dave Sarra and Daniel from End Of Days Radio on G.E Kincaid Egyptian Artifacts in America
Artificial Intelligence is the Kraken
A group called "WE ARE CHANGE" raided Epstein's island.
Five days after Epstein 'killed himself', the secret service closed all roads surrounding the Israeli Embassy
Recently indie media "stormed" Epstein Island, some takeaways
Prophecy connected to current political and world events in this fascinating YT by Walter Veith —notably Trump, pope and Jesuits, division of church and state, and several other surprising variables. (Long, but engaging)
If the Americans didn't make it to the moon, why did Soviets who had all the equipment to denounce it, agreed that the landing was real?
Theory: Names of American Places &amp; Natural Features derived from Chinese language.
Elon Musk Headed to Trial in U.K. Caver’s Defamation Case
Movies VS Reality
Hey
Likelihood of living in simulation?
What is your theory behind the motivations of the Las Vegas Mandalay Bay shooting?
If there is water in a glass (aka glass of water), is the glass wet?
An Economic Hit Man Confesses and Calls to Action | John Perkins | TED Talk
Someone went to Epstines Island.
Prelude to War with Iran
What happens if you take the red pill and then the blue pill later?
Israel just announced they are closing all diplomatic embassies on the planet.
Arizona Politician Charged With Human Smuggling
Look at the garbage they put in your children's TV shows.
My friend mentioned something to me the other day. I couldn’t really stop thinking about it.With all the power outages going on in California it seems weird the two themes for the last two COD games were COD BO4 (Blackout!!) and the new Call COD modern Warfare theme being (Going Dark).Just a thought
Nobel Prize-Winning OPCW Found "Fixing" its Own Findings
We must act now to save Julian Assange and the Rule of Law
Reagan official says "Cut military spending." Panel of MSM war propagandists goes berserk.
The umpires made a blatantly obvious biased call in the World Series tonight against the Nationals, and without fail the Universe delivered a spectacular example of sweet, instant karma for trying to cheat the Nationals.
Journalism, Pedophilia, BBC culture... in UK
The president of the climate change denying Heartland Institute denies his past statements denying the link between smoking and cancer.
What do you think happened to the Sodder Children?
Trump Crime Family | One Percent Takers -- The Site that Exposes the Greed and Taking by America's Richest One Percent and Reveals How Ordinary Americans are Fighting Back . . . . . . . . . .
Serious question: Did Epstein have direct ties to Keith Raniere and NXIVM?
Human Trafficking Subreddit Mod Abuse
The FBI Spends a Lot of Time Spying on Black Americans
Possible false flag attack on Seattle 03/11/2019
Chile’s protesters removed the head of the statue of Pedro de Valdivia (Spanish conqueror) and put it in chains at the hand of Caupolicán (Mapuche defender, native leader at that time).
Red Ice Banned! - ADL, SPLC, &amp; MMFA Mission Accomplished
The sole piece of evidence supporting the widely reported claims that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been killed is a second-hand description of a supposedly positively DNA-tested pair of stolen dirty underwear
He knows what's up
Liberal Mom Forces Son to be Transgender? - The Younger Case
Snowden’s Permanent Record - breaking down Gov’t Contractors with clearance and how the lines are blurred between government and corporations.
Theory: Boomer vs. Millennial will be socially weaponized. You will see (have seen) a lot of millennials vs. boomer content highly promoted out of nowhere and its only purpose is to have us, the people, fight even more amongst ourselves, distracting us from the real problems which we’ll all face.
The Finders CIA Cult Exposed - CIA &amp; #PedoGate - FBI Vault SATANISM
Ex-mercenary Confess to Infecting Africans with HIV-AIDs
The Censorship Israel
Why is Greta Thunberg's father Svante Thunberg gone from Wikipedia?
REDDIT GETS $150 MILLION INVESTMENT FROM CHINESE CENSORSHIP COMPANY
Smoking and vaping
US Republican official accused of selling babies in human smuggling plot
New Banksy piece...
The CIA was busted for shipping cocaine into black communities.
Epstein question. Was the whole purpose to arrest him to smear Clinton? Or was this bc a new case came forward?
TED acronym conspiracy...
Kevin Spacey Won’t Be Charged in Sexual Assault Case After Accuser Dies
Who Is The Deep State? 80% of the 8,000 Senior Executive Services have &gt;20 years on the job
[Meta] Your now daily list of good/important/interesting posts that were downvote censored by our info gatekeepers in the last 24 hours.
Im under mk ultra
All Israeli embassies are closing
Stanton T. Friedmans UFO research archives could take 10 years to catalog
Why does it seem like the whole "shut up Boomer" mentality has increased drastically the last month?
White House Ukraine Call
Health Conspiracies
I’m sure this is already known but does anyone know what the patches mean on Epstein’s ... track suit (?) the one on the arm looks like a alternative American flag
Anunnaki Map to Atlantis n scientist death conspiracy
Mass meditation to counter and heal all the negative rituals the cabal will be performing during this halloween and samhain occult holiday!
“Ok boomer” is a CIA pysop, planted trend
Do any of you own gold or silver?
Daily reminder
Fires in California corresponding with power outages
Pedophilia &amp; Western civilization. Stanley Kubrick. Lolita. Vladimir Nabokov.
Do CIA Agents Really Glow in the Dark?
I found the link to Jeffery Epstein commuting “suicide”
The Prince and the Pedophile [24:53] | MSM but still worth watching. Dips into the possibility of childi sex blackmail
Crazy theory regarding Paul Bunyan
"All Israeli diplomatic representations all over the world are closing" What in the world is happening?
My Theory as to why trump drinks water with two hands. Donald trump had a stroke and has covered this up so that he does not lose his seat in office. The evidence for this is in the fact that he cannot seem to use his right hand in certain situations and certain tasks.this may explain his bad speech
Hey guys remember when Trump Russia Collusion was worse than Watergate? I took this Screenshot Dec 8, 2018. Always moving the goal post to impeach Trump.
Opinion: The current state of the US government is in utter shambles. Its completely bickering, in-fighting and news sound bytes repeated over and over - it’s all a show while literally nothing gets actually done. No progress on all important fronts.
Letter of a chilean to the people of the United States
There’s something sinister behind ‘Futurists’
Reminder: Top German Journalist Admits Mainstream Media Is Completely Fake: "We All Lie For The CIA"
Trump Reveals Plans for Nationwide Crackdown and More Militarized Police
Congressman Tells How Israel Lobby AIPAC Smeared Him as Anti-Semitic for Voting Against Iraq War
Vowing to Put People Before Corporate Interests, Sanders Agrees He Poses 'Existential Threat to the Democratic Party'
It took me a second to notice it but I think this fits here
Hope this fits: Two years ago Grenfell Tower burned down due to company cutting corners in safety of building cladding - today the blame was shifted to the fire service whilst those within government and business who knew about the dangers are still free and avoid charges.
All religions that oppose homosexuality or abortion are doing so for bussiness reasons alone. By allowing abortions or homosexuality they are negatively effecting their growth as a bussiness and their bottom line through less donations.
Does anyone else genuinely get annoyed when talking about conspiracies around some people? People are so close minded it’s not even funny anymore.
Weeks should have more than 7 days, or work should be limited to 4 days a week for the same pay
Kanye West livestream on Mind Control, MK Ultra &amp; Feeling Programmed
Love this
Anyone care to share any info on this? "Drink 8 Glasses of water"
Hope this fits: Two years ago Grenfell Tower burned down due to company cutting corners in safety of building cladding - today the blame was shifted to the fire service whilst those within government and business who knew about the dangers are still free and avoid charges.
[Meta] AP Exclusive: Sheikh Mohammed Al Rahban, a Saudi business tycoon, illegally funneled hundreds of thousands of dollars to Obama's inaugural committee through straw donor
memes are dangerous
This might not be the place for this, but I came across this video by Thom Hartman who says baghdadi was confirmed killed in 2017
Need help finding a video of Elizabeth Warren saying something really vile
Just as I thought, the boomer meme turned from fun to liberal anti conservative propaganda to divide.
Bill Cooper Channel Censored ? (I just saw this? looking into it now...)
Art Babbling "B.S." Bell - Hour of the Time - Bill Cooper ( i have heard some good interviews with Art Bell RIP, good entertainment indeed.)
Krokodil Usage being pushed by the Russian Government (NSFW IMAGES)
Tulsi Gabbard Attends Press Conference to Demand the US Government Releases 9/11 Documents Implicating Saudi Arabia in the Attacks
[Meta] Marie Yovanovitch, former US ambassador to Ukraine, used State Department resources to surveil and monitor high profile journalists and Trump allies including Donald Trump Jr., says State Department whistleblower
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was an Israeli agent; his killing was faked
Foxconn finally admits its empty Wisconsin ‘innovation centers’ aren’t being developed
Why did the Bushes work so closely to the Bin-Laden family? [Clip] (Part 2 in comments)
They made a musical glorifying Alexander Hamilton because Hamilton was the godfather of the Federal Reserve
Reddit account locked for upvoting in /r/ conspiracy
[Meta] Marie Yovanovitch, former US ambassador to Ukraine, used State Department resources to surveil and monitor high profile journalists and Trump allies including Donald Trump Jr., says State Department whistleblower in newly released FOIA documents
Recreational Marijuana will bring a Musical Revolution
The US Government is Pay-2-Play: "Payday lenders caught discussing Trump fundraising to thwart new regulations"
Tulsi Gabbard conducts Press Conference to Demand the US Government Releases 9/11 Documents Implicating Saudi Arabia in the Attacks
Dear Wolfgang
Dark Legacy: George Bush And The Murder Of John Kennedy
😂
Vatican to open secret archives.
The biggest conspiracy
Problem/Reaction/Solution
First look at Epstein’s Island Property
What are the Stop and Identify laws? Is this all One World Order and military like policing.
"If the CIA and State Department Just Stayed Out Of Our Way....." - Former U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, Special Agent In Charge, Dan Addario, Talking About His Decades Long History In DEA And New Ideas And Focus In Today's War On Drugs
Even the smallest of brains contain common sense.
Damn........
What do you think about immigrant issues?
What a woke license plate
Transgender intellectual says the internet is literally feminizing for men and certain forms of porn made them trans
US Republican official accused of selling babies in human smuggling plot
Blade Runner, A.I. &amp; Consciousness
Do the shills have Tuesdays off?
With Little Fanfare, William Barr Formally Announces Orwellian Pre-Crime Program
The Bush Crime Family: Three Generations of Treason
Kurdish military leader thanks President Trump, credits him for negotiating ceasefire
Little known fact that the "Republicans" of the 1800's created the "Anti-Masonic Party" to oppose the "Democrats" of that time because they considered them to be a corrupt and elitist secret society which was ruling much of the country in defiance of republican principles.
Can we Protest Like Hongkongers non-stop Until federal government finally arrest and prosecute EVERYONE involved in Epstein elite pedophile rings or spideweb network?
Does Tinder track data for marketing research?
Something Big Has Happened! We took DNA evidence before we threw him in the sea! Find out about the unlikely story of Baghdadi’s umpteenth death in this timely edition of The Corbett Report podcast.
Skull And Bones Society: The Secret History Of This Shadowy Group
Obama white house corespondents "bombing"roast
Great take on the case
I think Donald Trump might be a living but burning nonetheless effigy meant to showcase the very worst of the elite of the West, in preparation for a change in political climate.
Black people control reddit
On an old episode of Coast To Coast AM with Art Bell, Guest expert Ryan S. Wood gave these coordinates, claiming there was an underground base filled with UFO wreck salvage.
The Man Who Saved Europe. An eye opening review of the cringey 1934 movie made by the Rothschilds to try and make themselves look better in the public eye.
The 'forbidden rice' which only the Chinese emperor ate and was forbidden to anyone else
Ask yourself this: Is there enough evidence for you to say that you wholeheartedly believe that Jeffrey Epstein is dead?
The Roadmap To A Coup and Counter Coup (Part 1)
Democratic leaders walk back Thursday impeachment vote.. More deception.
Silverware Conspiracy
Looking into the whole Jeffrey Epstein thing, been investigating #pizzagate and learned not long ago that he was connected to the bigger web of what that is.
Presidents each get a terrorist?
We will take what we want. Fuck the world
USA and Russia are allies, and have been so uninterruptedly since 1933
Warning: COD Modern Warfare Contains Subliminal Messages!
Technocalyps: The Singularity, Transhumanism &amp; A.I
Does the CIA use media to spread staged terrorist videos?
Students (F21, F21, M21) Seeking Survey Responses for Research
Anyone else noticing these blurred patches being added to YouTube videos?
Has anyone ever had a prophetic dream?
The expansion of executive powers is reaching a tipping point: potus attorneys assert "sweeping immunity," total exemption from all laws, even murder.
Daily reminder about this case
After 911, Illuminati is planning something big to usher in the the next phase of the NWO. A major false flag event involving many cities. In particular, London. The media has been preparing the masses for this event for many years, using consistent subliminal messaging in games like COD..
‘So much is at stake’: Academics call for release of data behind controversial Canadian fluoride study
50 years ago, I helped invent the internet. How did it go so wrong?
FOIA Documents Show Contact Between Peter Strzok, Bruce Ohr That Doj Claimed It Couldn’t Find
Count de St. Germaine By Manly P. Hall
America-Hating Globalist Billionaire George Soros Admits That With Brexit, Election of Trump: 'Tide Has Turned Against Me'
Conspiracy about burying bad guys at sea?
You Got a Brain Scan at the Hospital. Someday a Computer May Use It to Identify You.
Soft Coup continues-Nixon ain't got nothin on these guys
A Random Woman On Twitter Going Crazy Claiming That Allen Iverson And The Illuminati Are Holding Her Hostage And Gave Her Cancer. Real Desperate Situation Or A Bot?
Have you ever noticed that the map of the world looks like fields on a farm?
ClickBank University
A Woman On Twitter Going Batshit Xrazy Claming That Allen Iverson And The illuminati Are Holding Her Hostage And Gave Her Cancer.
Morning, yall.
OPCW Losing Credibility As Even More Revelations Surface on Douma: A first Whistleblower leaked an engineering assessment that challenged the OPCW conclusion of the Assad gov't's responsibility. This new whistleblower was *on the ground in Douma.* Both whistleblowers want to speak out.
Second OPCW whistleblower emerges, says he found no evidence for chlorine gas use on the scene in Syria, yet his findings were suppressed: Surely the Media will pick up on this story, because they love whistleblowers now, right?
The Federal Reserve is just 10 little dudes who create money out of thin air. Useless POS.
American cave systems &amp; Missing People
DID PELOSI &amp; SHIFF TALK TO BAGDADDI? in SYRlA
A Werewolf (cross-post)
The End is Bill NYE!
Corbett Report Video - Watching Trump Read From The Script on Baghdadi Really Is Quite Entertaining Once You Realize Its All Scripted
The five movies, whose budget was very small but managed to surprise by earning millions
H.R. 1111 - These TRAITORS in congress are trying to sell us out to the United Nations.
Healthcare algorithm has racial bias resulting in lesser care for black patients
Prince Andrew’s experts study ‘doctored’ photos
Google Vs Duck Duck Go re: Amy Schumer raping two men
You must panic because Keira Knightley says so!
SCHOLAR? I'm sorry, but I thought the head of ISIS was a BAD guy. Al-Baghdadi was an ASSET to the deep state. Now that he's gone they are mourning! Deeply disturbing. (More in comments)
Kanye west's new album
Zionist Plot for Financial Collapse
Are there sounds, binaural or noise, etc to hide our Aura or cloack it?
Hong Kong Checkmate!
Donald's recent facebook update.
The Conscious Resistance Network | Creating a Better World by Healing Hearts and Minds
Rise of the Machines
Do you think it’s possible that some of the cattle mutilations could be from other animals? Don’t get me wrong, I think there are UFOs and that some of this could be related.
Online Business training
Epstein
Looking for Al-Baghdadi timeline meme
Nasa's plan to make a base on moon
A US Army Officer Reported Concerns Over the White House and Ukraine
Federal Prosecutors Are Lining Up Witnesses Against Jeffrey Epstein’s Cronies
Kanye and the Great Deception ( religion but thought it belonged here as well)
We're not withdrawing troops from Syria. We're invading it and stealing their oil. President Trump's decision to invade Syria with tanks to steal the oil makes him a war criminal now.
Reminder: 80 days ago a Billionaire pedophile, connected with every elite member, who owned his own island with underage sex slaves, killed himself before he was to testify. He was on suicide watch and killed himself by hanging on his knees. Don’t ever forget, those responsible are free.
Obama allowed Hezbollah to traffic drugs into the US and launder the money
An Open Letter to Everyone who has forever Mocked Conspiracy Theory
Migrants being sold as slaves in Libya - CNN video shows people being sold as "slaves" - with the explosive abundance of migrants flooding Libya - there is really only one reason you would "buy" someone!
EXCLUSIVE: WeAreChange raids Epstein’s Private Island and films everything!
Tyler Perry’s new film studios is the new Epstein Island
XPost /r/Missing411: Do these images look similar? The top is a map of Missing 411 cases. The bottom is a map of America’s cave systems. Caves seem to play an interesting roll in some of these disappearances. The Mammoth Cave system in particular had caught my interest.
Something Big Has Happened
If they get you to laugh at evil...
A wherewolf
Trump is getting ready to turn the US into a police state.
Society's vilification of "Conspiracy Theorists"
Calls to expose Saudi involvement in 9/11 typically focus on the question of hijacker financing and omit the most interesting links between the 9/11 attacks and Saudi Arabia—links that implicate powerful people in the United States. Here are twenty examples.
Pizza gate is real, children are the global currency for the elites of the world
LETTER OF A CHILEAN TO THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES
This subreddit's stature and influence
Regan Budget Director dropping truth bombs on CNBC.
💥🔥🌟Keep your Eyes on HaloDEX — The Premier Cryptocurrency Platform
Ohio Cow Mutilation
These passive aggressive Epstein memes are pointless.
The U.S. Government's conspiracy 2 convict independent, Exemplary JOURNALIST Max Blumenthal of TheGrayzone.com on a Politically-Motivated, completely bogus, fabricated charge. Our supposedly "democratic" government held Max in jail for 3 days!
That this Cyclops Strange being or the specter of in the tree in the forest. a mysterious creature was hiding in a tree and peeping. the strange creature had one eye maybe it was a Cyclops or a Ghost
If people didn't wake up after Nayirah, why are they EVER going to wake up?
CBD PROMOTION(CBD COFFEE)
Iraq protests: Deadly clashes in Karbala
Stop Responding to Posts Asking For Good Theories!
"You won’t hear from the Finders again until the Chinese are running Hong Kong" AP Interview with Finder's Spokesman in 1987
Something big just happened!
Mass death planned for Hong Kong: It might be more profitable than you think.
The Composition Of Human Life
It’s beautiful
Something Big Has Happened!
Absurdity of the Neocons' Syrian Oil Narrative | antiwar.com
I got banned from r/worldnews for bigotry.
Read closely
The Curious Case of Kanye West
Epic idea for a tv show that could change the course of history:
Woke Culture and Identity Politics
Sarin Gas has allegedly just been used against Iraqi protesters amid mass casualties of protesters at the hands of Iraqis and other agencies or States. How long till it’s trending on twitter or mainstream?
US air force's mystery space plane back on Earth after secret two-year mission
Puppet show. ISS song. Conspiracy Music Guru. Come visit us at r/Earth_is_Level !
Think future, take action: 28th of October International Day of Earthquake Forecasting
Guess Iraq needs more Freedom™
It’s true though
Halo got a good start
Info request - are the rich disappearing to some safe haven?
Trump may not have been booed at World Series Game (or at least not booed as bad as we’re led to believe)
Was QANON a psyop by the CIA or Russians? It was a whole bunch of noise with no substance
Donald Trump May Not Have Been Booed At World Series Game (or at least booed as bad)
China's economic behavior is a major threat
Any new developments on Epstein?
WaPo: “How Baghdadi’s death could be rallying cry for ISIS.” Maybe there will be a false flag attack blamed on the killing of Baghdadi. Maybe those people predicting something in Seattle this upcoming weekend are right?
DC police aren't deep state pawns at all. Not with Max Blumenthal. Not with Seth Rich. Everything is fine.
The Zionist and Freemason Controllers Continue To Play The Public With Propaganda - Order From Chaos: I Pet Goat II, False Flags and Illuminati Elite Rituals
For real tho. That shit ain’t from earth
1968
Longtime conspiracy guy, but new to the subreddit here. With YouTube now heavily censoring legitimate conspiracy content, what channels do you guys have saved up that you enjoy watching? Thanks!
Reuters July 11, 2017 - Remember the last time they said they killed Baghdadi?
If only we knew...
Big Tobacco tainting illegal vape products so they can buy legal vape companies cheap
Concerning the Baghdadi PsyOp- Huge Information Drop Exposing More Links Between The Atlantic Council, PropOrNot, Michael Weiss, The Daily Beast, Mouaz Moustafa and the Wars in Libya, Syria and Ukraine
Trump pulled the trigger in killing the ISIS leader to take attention away from the Impeachment. He then went to the World Series game to test the public’s reaction.
Truther or: I Am Not a Conspiracy Theorist (2019) - A documentary deep dive into the conspiracy subculture of 9/11 "Truthers." Online Premiere: use code 1028 for a free rental. [1h 34min]
How many times has Abū Bakr al-Baghdadi been reported killed?
No, President Trump did not just 'heroically' assassinate the imagined villian Al-Baghdadi, like President Obama didn't assassinate the villainous Bin Laden, it's ALL mild control propaganda.
I believe this is finally happening
I guess the Baghdadi thing out of nowhere was about getting a WIN for Trump ahead of the impeachment?
United Nations Silences Utah Journalist, declares building “international territory”
Could You Survive - One Man's Wilderness
Is the Lottery Rigged? Did you know Epstein won 29.3 Million Lump Sum (after taxes) in Oklahoma’s Powerball lottery, July 2, 2008?
In these emotionally trying times, I think we can all benefit from this info.
Suicide tea
You ever wonder why America always has a soft spot for the Kurdish population? Hint hint, it's all spiritual
Great Tartarian Architecture
Reagan Official Says Cut Military Spending! Fox Panel SCREAMS!
FBI Vault release of The Finder’s documents and page 68 is “interesting”
Machine Identification Code
Reminder that Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk, and Sanofi are taking advantage of the Insulin market, and you're paying the price.
Trump says the guy cried like a coward then blew himself up, supposed compound leveled, which one is it? Trump lies about everything so I’m calling bullshit on the whole thing. Publicity stunt to distract the world from his impeachment hearings. The real coward is in the oval office.
Tulsi is never going to be president
Anonymous Civil War in Washington
I found one in the wild...please ELI 5 about this Epstein thing
The First Independent Media To Invade Epstein's Island [Share Before Taken Down]
"There's nothing more you can leave behind, so forget about seeing get into your mind, everything looks better when the world is black, grab a fork and make you first attack,lights out!" - Metaphysicians the Angry Samoans lay down your path to enlightenment...sans the actual poking out of eyes.
The food conspiracy, that we built to eat animals and need their protein when it's the exact opposite, plant based diets show rapid improvements
News today
EXCLUSIVE: First-Ever Look Inside Epstein’s Private Island
Is this how Trump learned the location for the Baghdadi raid? By tracking Pelosi and Schiff's trip to Syria during the cease fire?
I need some topics.
Shut Down Mckamey Manor For Good
When did we vote for this?
Woman sues Juul; Pensacola law firm representing her
The Strange Case of Baghdadi, Was He the Jewish Head of a Mossad Run ISIS? – Veterans Today
No, President Trump did not just 'heroically' assassinate the imagined villian Al-Baghdadi, like President Obama didn't assassinate the villainous Bin Laden, it's ALL mild control propaganda.
Social Control and the History of Australian Schools
The Erdogans Are Proof Positive Evil is not an Abstract Concept
Godzillas cock would be about 18.3 inches b
John Lennon is alive. He simply moved to Canada and changed his name to Geddy Lee.
Not sure what to make of this...
It do be like that
EXCLUSIVE: First-Ever Look Inside Epstein’s Private Island
Why are so many mass shooters Trump supporters? Scientific manipulation of Caucasians.
Godzillas cock would be about 53 inches long because he is 50 foot tall which is 600 inches and the average human is about 67 inches tall so 600 divided by 67 is 8.955 approximately so he is about 8.955 times the size of the average human and the average cock size of a human is abount 5
Who counts the votes?
What is happening to New York?
Two journalists just visited Epstein's Island.
FBI: Help me understand
Mexican drug cartels have totally taken over the illegal drug trade in America.
Don’t let this get memory holed: John McCain in Syria, pictured with al-Baghdadi (2013)
Remember When Obama Said We Could Track the Stimulus Money and Track Funds? The Disappearance of Recovery.Gov
Crazy how this exists in the modern era
Soy, Almond, and... Pea juice?
Reporters Share Conspiracy Theory From Obama Photographer Claiming Trump Photo During ISIS Raid Was Staged
Truther or: I Am Not a Conspiracy Theorist (2019) - A documentary deep dive into the conspiracy subculture of 9/11 "Truthers." that gained prominence in the years following 9/11.
Shuck over Jive
The Pillow
Prince Phillip Address
This is like a participation trophy that the establishment gives themselves for the Hegelian dialectic
Turkey started ISIS. Turkey not USA ally. Russia/Turkey main goal is to control syria jointly.
I just got banned from /r/gaming for posting this anti-Epic Games meme.
I’m not a fan of John McCain but that post about him on the front page is BS. The source of the pic is Mouaz Moustafa — @soccermouaz on Instagram or twitter. He is a anti-Assad Syrian that lives in DC &amp; is constantly lobbying the US to meddle in Syria. A self proclaimed “freelance revolutionary”.
Last week Pelosi was in the Middle East, did this traitor lure out Baghdadi by mistake ?
[META] Controversial Sorting /Conspiracy Has Become "What /Politics Doesn't Like"
Reptilians and other aliens between us
Pillow Design
Death of Elisa Lam, and similarities to Suzuki writing.
The Apollo Moon Landings Hoax and Space Fakery
Too many people blindly believe what the history books tell them
Porn Star Olivia Nova Found Half-Naked &amp; Dead For 12 Hours By Police, According To PD Report
Opening statements under way in “transgender” Ezra McCandless murder case
LOL Bagdhadi Dumped at Sea Like Bin Laden, Against Islam, Another Fake?
“The World Is, of Course, Insane”: An Interview with Errol Morris
Official FBI twitter account draws attention to "The Finders" child sexual exploitation cult which engaged in satanic ritual abuse and may have had ties to the CIA.
Archaeological Investigations of the McMartin Preschool site E. Gary Stickel, Ph.D. - consistent with the FBI report and goes into more detail. Has existed publicly since at least November 2005 according to internet archive
Why are there so many sheeple in this sub
Exclusive Footage from Epstein’s Private Island
9 months ago reddit took a large investment from a Chinese company, now socialists are everywhere.
"The United States has given the remains of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi a burial at sea and afforded him religious rites according to Islamic custom after he was killed in a U.S. commando raid in Syria on Saturday, three officials told Reuters."
Luke Rudkowski went to Epstein Island to record footage
The First Independent Media To Invade Epstein's Island [Share Before Taken Down]
What do you know about MKUltra?
Where to find conspiracy videos on youtube
How to crush democracy with cash - as relevant today as it was in 1953 (excerpts from The Despot's Accomplice)
Ryan S Wood, writer of "Majic Eyes Only", gave these coordinates on an old episode of Coast to Coast AM.
EXCLUSIVE: First-Ever Look Inside Epstein’s Private Island
EXCLUSIVE : We Are Change takes us on a tour of Jeffrey Epstein's private island.
I need help with 9/11 and how it was a inside job
Stay Safe in Seattle on 11/3 (Sunday)
Kurt Cobain's Grandpa Says Not Suicide
EXCLUSIVE: First-Ever Look Inside Epstein’s Private Island
New John McAfee podcast - recorded in a Faraday cage: Bitcoin, Liberty, his new DEX &amp; so much more...
Evidence for Earth’s Crust Shift in 9600 BCE
Tulsi Gabbard is holding a press conference tomorrow to “demand” the US government release documents implicating Saudi Arabia in 9/11
Maybe Epstein isn't dead after all. Lookalike spotted on Epstein Island
NWON - Executive Branch Power Struggle Surfaces in MSM
Money flowing to Russia via Trump?
Former Director at US Army War College Says Israel Behind 9/11
Senior UK civil servants have been holding ‘secret meetings’ with big Pharma.
Seems like people are waking up, from r/me_irl
This picture painted by Isaac Kappys brother reveals exactly how MKUltra or ENERGY WEAPONS install alters into your psyche
US Military has had several occasion of almost getting ISIS founder Al Baghdadi before. They finally get Al Bag and democrat head Nancy Pelosi is mad she was not part of the meeting to take him down.
There is a no-kill way of producing caviar, allowing to massage eggs out of the pregnant sturgeon, and which could make caviar 70% cheaper if produced at scale
You know what they call a quarter pounder with cheese on reddit?
Ron Legarski has posted a link.
The Brain and its development
Think "the finders" reactions bad? Look at Wernher VonBraun. It's nearly fully blacked out. 7 full files albums almost all blacked out like this. Link in SS:
Beyond the Dutroux Affair -- The reality of protected child abuse and snuff networks [Joël van der Reijden (2007)] [NSFL] Finders Cult
Manufactured Problem --&gt; Reaction --&gt; "Solution." This is a concept everyone here MUST understand.
I've literally never seen a 9/11 documentary as good as this one
Stop complaining when you see reposts of basic conspiracy information. Most people DON'T know the basics, and this sub is constantly getting brand new people. Instead of complaining, share what you know in the comments.
Lisa Haven, 460k followers on youtube just announced that Facebook has pulled the plug for uncovering the truth.
The brain isn’t actually the most important organ but the brain just tells itself it the most important for confidence.
Anyone see/know anything about frazzledrip/clinton snuff film on the dark web?
How comedy shows hypnotize and brainwash their audience
How comedy shows hypnotize and brainwash their audience
Baghdadi given traditional burial at sea. Afforded appropriate religious rites.
What if we ruined mars and killed the dinosaurs on earth?
Beyond the Dutroux Affair -- The reality of protected child abuse and snuff networks [Joël van der Reijden (2007)] [NSFL] Finders Cult
Baghdadi given tradional CIA burial at sea.
Human Sacrifice
Jeffery Epersteiner was NEVER real
Since the mass exodus of California, Texas is coincidentally a swing state now. Also coincidentally, there have been more mass shootings in Texas in the last 5 years than in the entire history of Texas.
Creepy twitter account, does anybody know what all this means?
2
Amber Alert Issued in Maryland; Victim is Pictured posed Next to “Boy Lover” Pedo Symbol = Pizzagate In Your Face
You think the Paris "Climate" Agreement is about the climate? Think again. This is what the false song of globalism looks like...
William Cooper- Bill speaks to Aryan Skinhead.mp4
Do you believe this is real? (Comments being edited by YouTube)
Judge to allow portion of $250M Nick Sandmann lawsuit against Washington Post to continue
Good documentaries about the truth of the Vatican ?
Learn Anything FASTER 🏃🧠
Last night I asked the universe to prove something to me. Anything. This morning I opened a magazine and this was what I was greeted with.
2 + 2 = 5 &amp; The Royal Society
Ukraine's "Maidan" Snipers who murdered 210 Police Officers &amp; 70 Demonstrators in Feb 2014 come forth in Belarus &amp; admit their part: they are from (country) Georgia &amp; were supervised by a US Military Officer
A Trump/Joker film assassination theory.
Reddit is depressing.
Post your conspiracy related horror movies for Halloween. I'll recommend "The Crazies (2010)".
Why does our phones listen to us?
Yahoo news uses Joker mask as headline photo for recent Texas shooting, article has no mention of anything related to the movie or character
X-Files had an episode on Satanic Ritual Abuse.
Straight out of the Truman Show, psuedo-satelite shows they're kept aloft with balloons.
The Bible Clearly States the Earth is FLAT. Wake up to the TRUTH that Jeffrey Epstein DIDNT kill himself
2 + 2 = 5 &amp; The Royal Society
Shrimp - The Dirty Business (2019)
THE ACTIVIST — A documentary about those who actually tackle conspiracies, instead of just talking about them...
How the Government is Poisoning the Population with Fluoride 9 Minutes all you need to know about Fluoride!
Cyclops Strange being or the specter of in the tree in the forest. a mysterious creature was hiding in a tree and peeping. the strange creature had one eye
What is Agenda 21, and why do you believe it?
Funny math.
Tom MacDonald - Trying To Kill Me
How The US Government AND Their Private Tech Contractors Spy On The Entire Planet - to those of you who want the real information of how pervasive the Government Spying really is - this video has the information you won't find anywhere else
How deep has China infiltrated?
What is the largest, most general conspiracy you have identified so far?
Since baghdadi is in the news, remember the time john McCain was photographed with "moderate" Syrian rebels....and baghdadi.
9/11 was a IQ test
Tyler Perry's New film studios is the next Epstein Island?
Saudi Oil Pipeline.. who has intel?
Similarities between Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi mission and a campaign mission in the new Call of Duty game
Don't let this get swept under the rug.
Meghan Markle is going to be Diana'ed - THE MSM is already pushing the narrative (SS below post)
Tyler Perry’s New film studios is the next Epstein Island?
Neocons being hypocrites once again
We must ask why there is absolutely no mention of Nazi gas chambers, genocide of the Jews, or six million Jewish victims of WW2 in Eisenhower’s *Crusade in Europe*'s 559 pages; six volumes of Churchill’s *Second World War*'s 4,448 pages; and de Gaulle’s *Mémoires de Guerre*'s 2,054 pages.
What about pizza gate?
California Fires Intentional?
Keep Your Eyes on the Sky Warning?
A Bunch of Breadcrumbs lead to santa being a creation of satan as a very effective tool for the satanic agenda
https://www.infowars.com/charlie-kirk-accused-of-barring-nick-fuentes-from-politicon-event/
The danger of everything moving online is that if it's not online it doesn't exist...
[REMINDER] Jim Carrey labeled “crazy” by media, actually just woke up to reality.
If you think Google knows too much about you now, better hope they don’t acquire Fitbit
How is David Icke so popular?
NY Times: George Soros: I’m Trying to Bend ‘Arc of History’ in Right Direction
Trump says he may release video footage of the raid.
Corruption in Church Systems
Baron Trump novels
Arizona Republican Paul Petersen charged in human trafficking adoption scheme
The Deep Fake movement has started.
Silicon Valley Tech Companies Employ Private Intelligence Teams...against critics and employees
UK Child Sexual Abuse Inquiry criticises lack of cooperation from Vatican
Basis of Conquest/Colonial/Capitalist PR
4chan users claim to have found evidence for NBC tampering with the audio/ignoring cheers to create the Trump Stadium Booing story.
Is the paranormal even real?
If you try to Google Shell you get this at the right corner of your Google Chrome
Page from the FBI file drop seem to contradict the narrative of no tunnel evidence found regarding the McMartin Preschool sexual abuse trial
Operation: Timber Sycamore Pull-Out
Data and privacy fears
Documentary recommendation: Above Majestic
Operation: Timber Sycamore
Operation: Timber Sycamore Pull-Out
I just stayed at Mandalay Bay, and just happen to stay near Paddock’s room. After being on this sub, it was weird to see the view from whomever was in “Paddock’s room” that night.
Isn't it odd that despite the immediate, easily visible difference between the internet pre-shills and post-shills, no shill has come forward to tell his story after quitting, no leaked records, nothing at all other then their effect on the web as a whole?
NWON - Executive Branch Power Struggle Surfaces in MSM
Pro China moderators expect Hong Kong to be like Tiananmen square
"Fake Satellites" Conspiracy: Samsung space satellite lands in rural Michigan neighborhood this morning, is that a Balloon Tether?
Charles Bukowski's Brutally Honest Letter
340,000 e-mails on Anthony Weiner's laptop with a LARGE majority Mostly between HRC &amp; Huma Abedin. (Along with C.P.)
White liberal tells black Trump supporter that if he “removes his MAGA hat he will look like he has a higher IQ”. This is representative of the intellect of the average white liberal on Reddit. White liberals are racist against minorities that don’t conform to their political ideology.
Samsung satellite falls from 'space', lands in rural Michigan neighborhood.
This is exactly why nobody was informed of the raid on Al-Baghdadi
The U.S Intelligence State will orchestrate ISIS false flag attacks leading up to the US election, and ultimately asasssinate Bernie Sanders
we are being overworked and underpaid
Another article from July 11 2017
On Moloch, Malcom and MLK
There's not a chance this mummy is human.
Jew
Another Climate Scientist with Impeccable Credentials Breaks Ranks: "Our models are Mickey-Mouse Mockeries of the Real World"... “The global surface mean temperature-change data no longer have any scientific value and are nothing except a propaganda tool to the public.”
Can't ignore how Google rigs search results in favour of Democrats.
Tired of the Q anon people..
Puppet president Vs. Non-Puppet President
Donald Trump Makes the World a Better Place with his Good Vibrations
A real and stark example of how search results are skewed. Searching 2020 US Elections on Google shows top two results as Democrat articles and fills the rest of the page.
The New World Orders Social Engineering blueprint essay from 1941 in the Rosicrucian Digest, read by Bill Cooper in 1995... It's mind boggling how much of this has accurately came to fruition in the last 10 years and is still playing out today
moonlanding
The theory of the Falun Gong Cult is actually a very compelling read.
American Cancer Society couldn’t be more corrupted
10:20 e
Youtube purges recommended feeds of conspiracy related content
The Seven Days Of Creation and Pre-Adamic Man By Manly P.
Makes sense
10:20
I found this hidden gem of a video, Youtube is now altering political comments.
This media headline change!
Pages from FBI file drop. Hmmmmm what does this mean. HMMMMMMMMM
Allostatic Load
Does anybody still believe that Syria, North Korea, etc etc are 'independent' from the so-called New World Order?
Weekly reminder
Google depicting Alexander the Great as a black historical figure.
Al-Baghdad’s death was staged, not just this photo
How I Turn Up Law Of Attraction In 7 Minutes
NSA: Baghdadi's body likely to be disposed of at sea
The 21st century New World Order Schedule
Baghdadi "Ignited" his best and tunnel collapsed on him.
Anonymity on the Internet
Reddit shadowban can be applied on subreddit only. I'm banned from r/videos because I've dared to say that every submission there is controlled to pass their masters narrative. The truth is spreading they are afraid
Are the current political figures and world politics just a distraction to conceal the real source of world control?
Lover is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Ron Huelskamp.
OPCW's Syria CW Investigation Was a Sham, Revealed While We are Distracted
Roger Waters says Bernie is wrong about Venezuela ... and he is right!
Big Brother Meets Big Pharma: Harvesting Biometrics Of Everyone
What has epstein to do with the school system?
The Finders Cult - A large collection of information covering the Finders and closely related topics
The Lies
Have we all forgot about Julian assange?
The Family
Eye's Wide Open
Fast mhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fg0gwfmiivwoving UAP
Throwback to that time Reuters published an article on July 11 2017 saying Baghdadi had been killed. Also, this may be far fetched but is it possible the timing of this news event is somehow related to the release of Modern Warfare? Tons of propaganda &amp; predictive programming in the campaign so far.
Banned from /r/Humantrafficking for posting an official FBI file on.... human trafficking.
Skull On Halema‘uma‘u Crater Rim
Fascinating Story. Anybody Heard of This? The CDAN link (provided on this thread) is dead.
Superhumans among us?
Military Space Program X-37 Conspiracy
America the dictatorship
Not much happening
Thoughts on the power outages in California?
The Pentagon’s secret spacecraft X-37B returns to Earth after 780 days in orbit
Q: Who is rulling the world, who is on the Top of the Top?
Julian Assange latest: Health fears as he displays ‘all signs of a torture victim’
What's going on in Hawaii?
That this Cyclops Strange being or the specter of in the tree in the forest. a mysterious creature was hiding in a tree and peeping. the strange creature had one eye maybe it was a Cyclops or a Ghost
Deepest hole ever dug. r/Earth_is_Level
Is Kanye trying to get his "BLACK CARD" back by releasing gospel music? HEATED DEBATE!!!
Sunspot, NM observatory + Epstein
Google listening to my mic. I was singing "Your Man" by Josh Turner, while I wasnt using my phone. I havent listened to the song in a month, or any country song in general. I accidentally typed "no" in the search bar, and somehow it's the first result. wtf.
How Are Conspiracy Theories Different Around the World?
Reminder that the Vegas shooter did not use bumbstocks
Theory: The Real Conspiracy is Organized Crime- and More Colorful Conspiracies are Used to Cover Up
Propaganda 2K19
Reminder that bumpstocks weren't used in the Vegas shooting
Policy Over Partisanship
I guess our doom did not come on October 25 as foretold....
Conspiracy Websites? Podcasts?
This is feminism. A white liberal congresslady grabbed someone by the pussy &amp; lied about the situation.
CbS vS rEaLiTy
Lancaster County man admits he made up Auschwitz story
Has something shifted? Is Roseanne on to something?
Magic Johnson does not, and never has had, AIDs.
Celebrities faking their own deaths then showing up in disguise on interviews to discuss themselves
Is this some new form of wireless or am I too poor to understand?
Why are ground crew in full MOPP 4 gear?
That time r/the_donald was every post on r/all
Online Money
Self inflicted? CA fire situation (Youtube Comment)
Greenville shooting
Predictive Programming for a possible false flag in Seattle next Sunday? 11-03-2019
A man got fired over a MEME. Workers have no rights in this country.
Top Model Turned Whistleblower Exposes Elite Pedophiles
was "Titus" (1999) movie a glamour project by the Illuminati to shoutout the fake Jesus narrative?
New Hints Seattle November 3RD
[Meta] Meta sticky gone. Did I miss a mod announcement?
Twitter executive revealed to be an officer of the British Army's psychological warfare and propaganda unit
11:34...who else?
New Hints Seattle November 3RD
Well Jimbo..
Russia mocks the White House's claim of the 'umpteenth death' of ISIS caliphate leader al-Baghdadi
Maybe it’s not a deep or even sophisticated conspiracy but can we please have a discussion on how reddit never had a story on the isis kill until it was about trump allegedly telling the Russians before Congress?
UPDATE: Al Baghdadi has now been Killed Three Times! ~ What is this guy, a cat?
Does google maps take it one step further? Actual video surveillance?
Did an author from the 1800s predict the Trumps, Russia and America's downfall?
Russia mocks the White House's claim of the 'umpteenth death' of ISIS caliphate leader al-Baghdadi.
Conspiracy topic for class
Garry Kasparov-"Isn't it obvious that this is what happened here? Surely Putin &amp; Erdogan gave up al-Baghdadi in exchange for Trump abandoning northern Syria and the Kurds. A quid pro quo, I believe it is called."
UPDATE: Al Baghdadi has now been Killed Three Times! What is this guy, a cat?
Abortion is Murder
Is it possible that the spread of swine fever is not natural?
I'm a former director in the music industry. Just sharing with you one of my videos which is being ghost shadowed on YouTube and banned on social media (my followers usually can't share it). I'm one of this sub member since a long time but had to create this anonymous account to share. (no spam)
My comment about Abu Baker Al-Baghdadi Being a Mossad Mole Named Elliot Shimon Was Removed?
Ignorance Is Strength
Twitter executive revealed to be an officer of the British Army's psychological warfare and propaganda unit
Climate change to replace war as the creating need for nation/infrastructure building
If you ever just thought of a product and seen the advertising it’s because phones read brainwaves
Glass ceiling shattered. White liberal congresslady Katie Hill resigns amid a investigation by the House ethics committee for sexual misconduct between her &amp; one of her male congressional staffers. This after pics of her released w/ a female campaign staffer.
He’s trying so hard to be like Obama. It’s actually quite sad.
Dick Cheney’s hunting “accident”
The Agency: A History of the CIA
Reddit is currently putting in new algorithms designed to ghost users. They will post and see their posts. But the posts will never be seen sorting by r/new or any other sorting method. They are ghosting entire subreddits right now. The algorithm is live.
Just putting it back out there.
Is the Megan Markle criticism meant to distract from Andrew ?
Because the NFL is rigged, the Patriots will go undefeated this year and Tom Brady will retire.
Former Bill Clinton adviser: Hillary Clinton thinks 'God put her on the Earth' to be president -- most likely wants to get into the 2020 presidential race"
I found an interesting blog from pre-2004 concerning The Finders. It led me to one account of the investigation; unredacted.
Is Reddit watching too?
Only white liberals can get away with being this racist on social media.
Is there corruption among British police?
I got sucked down the rabbit hole today and discovered this article. This details in great depth, the Dutroux Affair.
Just found this tweet addressed to the press and law enforcement. Is it possible that Jim Carrey killed these people?
apple earbuds
could i be someone else? you tell me
Ok guys which ones of you did this?
Meet Celebrities on MeetEm Live Video Meet-n-Greets, ​Interactive Interviews. Exclusive and Premium Social Content.
"Notable Resignations Worldwide" I've never seen this website and thought I'd share. Pretty crazy at the amount of CEO/Political figures that are resigning. Is there something on the horizon?
What was it really doing?
“US and Allies Created, Funded and Armed ISIS”
"UFO Sighting — Capistrano Beach, CA 10/25/2019" Complete with laser lights shooting out from it. Could be a drone I guess? It'd have to be a very strong laser to get this effect I'd imagine.
If you read the Panama papers, you will find who the leaders of organized crime are.
Trump mentioned Al-Baghdadi and Isis causing problems online
PDF of Rare Book---Catholic Victory in 1960?, by Peter J. Doeswyck (1960)
Very strange activity on this website today. Just a glitch or something more?
The head of ISIS is likely having a beer with the PM of Israel as we speak.
“The majority of people do not even have the psychological capacity to refuse authority, at least under situations of pressure”
Muammar Gaddafi Interviewed Just Before Libyan Revolution
The legal murder of Evee Gayle Clobes
We need to rewrite history. The alien mummies of Peru
The Nag Hammdai Scrolls, Archons &amp; Gnosticism
The Nag Hammadi Scrolls, Archins &amp; Gnosticism
Ergodan sold out isis to genocide the Kurds
Researching this new 'The Finders' pedo cult and can't seem to find any info on this Congressman from Florida named Rose that they mention. He is one of the initial people to give info to the DOJ about the group and I can't find the guy. Anyone know who he is?
Stock traders having prior knowledge of the 9/11 attacks
California Fires
JESUS IS LATE! I cant wait! ....... So I bought this Tee anyway! Cheers :)
Is Long Island really an island?
Article from 2015 stating Al Baghdadi was killed in an air strike and died in an Israeli hospital.
Donald Trump 666 Mark of the Beast Antichrist Little Horn Trump of Doom Blood Moon
Hollywood “steals” your soul
What Does The Catholic Church Jeffrey Epstein And The Illuminati All Have In Common?
Ever wonder why the middle east hate our guts? Ill let Hillary explain it.
Trump says Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi blew himself up as U.S. troops closed in
How much do you think the discussions on main political subreddits are manipulated?
What a future this would be
Pelosi didn’t deny Trump’s Statement that she and the Democrats would have leaked the raid to the media
Regarding "Mckamey Manor"
Trump is trying to get removed from office before the recession so he can launch TTV
Mind control patents of Hendricus G Loos. researching connections to 'SS' in Finders dump
Stanislaw Szukalski and Albert Pike
WaPo mourning the deaths of one of their colleagues
Anarchy, Media and the Military.
is this guy right about the IPTC data? if so the photo ops was staged?
Adrenochrome
Americans Need Formal Admissions
The truth is in the memes.
Ancient Baalbek Complex In Lebanon: Clear Evidence Of Lost High Technology Present. Multiple 1,600,000 pound stone blocks used in Megalithic construction.
Power outage in 5 states. Is this the beginning of Project Zyphr?
5G Conspiracy Theories Or 5G Facts? You Decide…
Forgotten ABC News Report about Some Stock Traders Having Prior Knowledge of 9/11 Attacks
The future is now ..
Why does this sub give a free pass to Big Oil? Here's Exxon scientists admitting in a Congressional hearing to AOC that they had very accurate predictions on the impact of pollution, but they lied in their paid propaganda
'RussiaGate' Fully Explained In Three Minutes
MIT PhD Exposes the Entire Student Loan Scam System
Conspiracy solved
Russian MoD doubts Trump's announcement of killing ISIS chief al-Baghdadi
ISIS leader has been killed... for the 6th time. Are they trying to distract us from something?
Artificial Intelligence: What’s to Fear? What should worry us most about artificial intelligence: losing our jobs to cheaper labor or losing our lives to killer robots? The real threat may lie in yet another danger: losing our minds
Enough terpurtic
Posted in r/technicallythetruth. Taken down within 5 minutes.
Full-Time FMRI? Is it possible that our wifi antennas are manipulating our optic nerves?
Vaping Deaths
LHO
Regarding "human caused climate change"
The Engineering of a Mind~PART 1~
Thoughts on Baghdadi raid?
Anyone else think it's not a coincidence the Boeing X37B returned right after the killing of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi?
Best sources for objective, serious coverage of UFOs and secret aerospace projects?
A Halloween reminder, stay safe!
Conspiracy to put listening devices in everyone’s home
Website leaks conspiracy regarding Pharma company, Iran, and CIA- Then is Shut Down hours later
Strange Underwater Features In Caribbean Sea
~Rock
The "holocaust" lie/mythology is central to the NWO because it protects and entrenches the power of the jewish elites who are leading the conspiracy, and is the "justification" for the destruction of all white/European nations via mass immigration
That this Cyclops Strange being or the specter of in the tree in the forest. a mysterious creature was hiding in a tree and peeping. the strange creature had one eye maybe it was a Cyclops or a Ghost
Bloomberg sponsored gun control groups are actually fronts for his economic interests that extend beyond gun control
Cult Town Horror Story (horror narration full of government military conspiracy and dark noir-like feeling)
"The fundamental problem of humanity is that we have paleolithic ancient emotions, we have mid-eval institutions, and we have god-like technology. So we're chimpanzees with nukes."
Anazing work in this video.
Anyone else think it’s strange tech moguls in silicon valley not only believe we live In a computer simulated reality, they are trying to hack it...
Are they trying to get Texas blue? Re: shootings
Prisoners held by the US at Abu Ghraib, Iraq after 2003 invasion [NSFW]
Jim Hoft @gatewaypundit FLASHBACK: Never Forget -- ISIS Terror Leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi Was Held at US Prison Camp Bucca in 2009 Until Obama White House Agreed to Let Him Go
In bizarre edit The Washington Post changes Al-Baghdadi obituary from “Islamic State’s terrorist-in-Chief” to “austere religious scholar at helm of Islamic State.”
Russia are our greatest enemy. The UK are our greatest allies.
Just now, Trump: "World Trade Center was... blown up"
Right before Obama was reelected, they killed Bin Laden. Now right before another election, they kill Baghdadi.
Trump used the words "blown up" when describing 9/11 today
What are peoples taught's on the USAF X-37B and it actual mission in space?
Prince Andrew has hired forensic experts to prove that two incriminating photos of him are fakes
Wait... This video made me think! What if it really isn't that "complicated"? Did they just clone Avril Lavigne?
CBS vs. Reality
(Simple discussion) For all the talk about Chinese government control, the US get away with the same shit.
USA: Did Obama just admit to training ISIS!?
If they cannot keep toxins out of baby food, why do we even have the FDA?
I think I know why we don't have Scary costumes for halloween.
Official FBI twitter account draws attention to "The Finders" child sexual exploitation cult which engaged in satanic ritual abuse and may have had ties to the CIA.
9/11 caught
ISIS leader al-Baghdadi knew too much. But ISIS will still be there to support US oil actions in eastern Syria. Who else would the US be able to use in Syria at this point?
[META] DemocracyNow: "Jewish Leaders Arrested For Protesting Trump One Year After Mass Shooting at Pittsburgh Synagogue." Thou doth protest too much. The Zionist vs Globalist puppetshow in action.
PG&amp;E power shutdown for 48 hours. Up to 2 million residents to be affected. Bay Area and Northern California are primary areas without power.
"Brigadier General Kevin Bergner, the chief American military spokesman, said the elusive Baghdadi was actually a fictional character"
Google home is spying on you
So will Baghdadi be buried at sea like Osama bin laden?
The 'Conspiracy' Against Michael Aquino – Satanic Pedophile
Before yesterday, the US never claimed Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was killed. In 2017, Russia claimed they might of killed him in an airstrike but never confirmed it. Stop spreading fake russian news.
Trump just said in a press conference, before pausing to think of wording, that the World Trade Center was "blown up".
ISIS leader killed weekend prior to new Call Of Duty game release
Its a Frame (phone call) etymology of the word Frame
[Request] Youtube video about the Wizard of Ahhh's.
Wow, if this is true... every issue appears to boil down to control of energy supplies and related corruption
So, did Trump check with Netanyahu before killing Baghdadi, the leader of ISIS?
The blatant double standard on ethnic nationalism, pride, and collective organization: white vs. non-white. This exhibits a clear agenda by the ruling jewish/Marxist NWO Establishment to destroy the white/European peoples
What’s the best conspiracy you know that turned out to be true ?
In 2017 Edward Snowden teamed with MIT and built a privacy add-on for the iPhone. Strangely, it was never built /s
STUDENT FORCED TO DROP OUT OF SCHOOL BY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT FOR REPORTING A RAPE
Does anyone else think that Assange and Snowden are both just as much part of the operation as everyone else is?
Will you listen to Mr West?
The Plundering Of Ukraine By Corrupt American Democrats
Benazir Bhutto Wiki Page so derisive
It’s Time for ‘LGB’ and ‘T’ to Go Their Separate Ways. Many people within the movement now have trouble keeping up with all the new subcategories contained within that plus sign. One version of the rainbow flag unveiled last year has 11 different colors on it.
sad reality
"Mysterious" oil spill at the Brazilian coast
whats up with child or sex trafficking being the biggest and most hidden shit happening behind the scenes? seems like it's in every country (USA big selling and hunting ground) and every big politician is involved.
Jeffery Epstein Coverup. He’s alive and well. If you look at this pic of his deceased body he doesn’t even have the same nose but what’s more concerning and a dead giveaway is his ears. Look at the contours of his inner ear, They’re undeniably different.
$4 Million raised in 1 day. Their fans are claiming this will save the world. There are 390 Billion trees only in the Amazon forest and ~13 Million trees are cut down EACH DAY. Will this even have a slight impact? Also, how much does it really cost to plant a tree? $0.01 maybe? They are charging $1
Interesting zerohedge article on the announcement of a new intelligence program aimed at detecting mass shooters before they commit any crime
Truth
Kanye West November 2016 MK Ultra Awakening "rant". Kanye was forced a 10 day hospitalization right after.
Storage of viruses for vaccines 🤔
MKuktra help needed ...
Youtube video titles predict the future
[META] Anti-Semitism smear against Bard students backfires. As usual, accusations of antisemitism are used to silence the criticism of Israel's atrocities.
Vaccine Propagandist Peter Hotez gets Slam Dunked by MIT Genius Dr Shiva on Twitter
Possible Private security gov police triad like gang structuring offering me money through and by staging of a fake torture based game show using job fairs with private security as a front for plausible deniability to keep my mouth shut and if I don't they say Ill be falsely labeled and I'm dead.
Thread on the history of the U.S. arming al-Qaeda &amp; ISIS in Libya and Syria. ISIS, Jihadi Extremist Groups, Israel, Saudi Arabia and US Foreign Policy. Baghdadi was a CIA asset for Regime Change in Syria and Iraq. McCain went to Aleppo in May 2013 to arrange further arms shipments to the terrorists.
Is pornography a tool by the elite to keep the cattle complacent?
The Chronology of Trump Emboldening ISIS
There are rumors his location was exchanged for the US greenlighting Operation Peace Spring.
[Virginia Giuffre on Twitter] ... huge thank you ... We need to start by pushing on congress to change statue of limitations to nill- ... It’s an international pandemic- over $100 BILLION DOLLARS A YEAR INDUSTRY!! If we all stand up together we can win!!
The Revolution Isn’t Being Televised
Bush = Al Qaeda, Obama = ISIS, Trump = ???
Video - MIT genius Dr Shiva single-highhandedly debunks the official vaccine narrative using science, logic and evidence
Resonance: Beings of Frequency (Full Documentary)
Rudolf Steiner Describes The Hostile Spiritual Beings Who Feed Off Your Fear &amp; Anxiety
First Episode of a new Conspiracy Podcast!
'But he hit me first'
That this Cyclops Strange being or the specter of in the tree in the forest in Dagestan. a mysterious creature was hiding in a tree and peeping. the strange creature had one eye maybe it was a Cyclops or a Ghost
Can Anyone Think of Examples of Private Players Actors Psyops in the US?
Can you name people that are controlled opposition?
Let's not forget the same people who convinced people this was ok are the same people telling you climate change isn't the fault of humans
Do you think the Moon Landings are fake?
The California power outages will spark the us revolution
Policy over partisanship, a video on political unity between the Democrats and Republicans
Earth is not a globe not a sphere and definitely not planet... Aliens don’t exist.
Mass Shooting in Texas. What are the powers that be trying to distract us from this time?
[Meta] Is /r/conspiracy a good resource for you?
Insane AI Robot WarLord Terminator with Precision Aim has arrived
Hi friends! Let’s talk about the Laughing Horse Orifice!
PG &amp; E just shut off power to 2.5 million people. Is this not incredibly suspicious?
Who would believe this? Prince Andrew is really grasping at straws! Arrest him!
Top Neuroscientist Exposes Vaccine Dangers and Pharma Takeover!
Captcha is getting way too much information.
Epstein and Alefantis
Forgotten ABC news report about some stock traders having prior knowledge of 9/11
That this Cyclops Strange being or the specter of in the tree in the forest in Dagestan. a mysterious creature was hiding in a tree and peeping. the strange creature had one eye maybe it was a Cyclops or a Ghost
I notice that there is a lot of resistance to the notion of White Genocide, so let's come together as a sub and define genocide so we can move forward with a similar understanding.
This sub is infinitely better if you sort by controversial
Kanye sub woke
Spotted this on the dank memes subreddit... Just goes to show how many people are waking up to/questioning the true darkness in our societies......
Ronald Bernard, revelations by an insider Part 1 (NL/ENG/FR/FIN/ES) MUST WATCH.
The further a society drifts from truth, the more it will hate those that speak it - George Orwell
Are Bill &amp; Hillary Clinton Involved with Child Trafficking? - please finish reading before you vote
On December 24th 1998 , Prince the rock singer, blatantly announces to an unaware concert audience that osama bin ladin is getting ready to bomb, almost 3 years prior to 9/11.
[Documentary] Progressive Communist destruction of America from within the Democrat Party
Notice how Snowden said nothing about 5G, also notice how anytime Bravo mentions it with Rogan or Jones, they immediately change the subject
Call me crazy... but....
The internet-wide obsession with cats is an attempt to push population reduction
Crop Circle Warning About Grey Aliens 33
Brigadier General Hebert C. Holdrige wrote to President Dwight Eisenhower via letter (March 12th, 1956) on the topic of the Alaska Mental Health Enabling Act saying that the Jesuits control the U.S. Government!
Are Thomas Reardon’s Experiments on ‘Brain Wave Interfaces’ Connected to Erin Valenti’s Death?
Everyone knows Democrat Barack Obama is the leader of ISIS but ISIS target believed to be Abu Bakr Al Baghdadi is killed in Syria
Just Swallow Your Toothpaste Kids!
Is this even a question anymore?
Precise Predictive Programming In MIDWAY Movie Trailer . Caution for all west coast citizens especially Seattle.
FACTS (FBI VERSION)
BREAKING: ISIS Leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi Killed in Raid
Write a letter to Julian. Let him know we care. He's not well
Steve Forbes: 'Watch out for what Barr will release in the coming weeks -- BIG scandal coming'
The President of the United States just "Tweeted" this an hour ago. Do any of you know what he's talking about?
Tune In!
I am trying to find articles and YouTube on the mafia ties with Hollywood.
Joker is a narrative meant to lend a false sense Power whilst making the viewer feel simultaneously powerful/powerless
QANON LIVES! Q+ MESSAGES US EVERY DAY. WWG1WGA
Proposed Nicotine Tax
The Arbor Day Foundation and the 20 million dollar conspiracy.
Panic in Pakistani City After 900 Children Test Positive for H.I.V.
Inside Mckamey Manor
PDF of Rare Book---Terror Over Yugoslavia : The Threat to Europe, by Avro Manhattan (1953)
Why are there no mass stabbings?
Washington Post: Company with ties to Trump's brother given government contract
Suspicious circumstances surrounding the closing of cult website
I'll give gold to the first person who can find the rapper Necro's music video where he imitates the movie 'Bloodsucking Freaks' by kicking over a woman-coffee table saying "Don't you dare ruin my dinner"
Personally I don’t vape but if I did I’d be pissed at the possibility of having to switch back to cigarettes
Can Anyone Here Speak Knowledgeably To The Difference Between Psychological Operations Run by the CIA vs. the Military?
Any ideas what this is this referring to?
Hilarious how government making a big deal out of vapes and second hand smoke but not a word about microwave exposure or 5G research
What’s the craziest conspiracy you have ever heard?
Dutch Bros subliminal messaging. (middle of picture)
Scientists may have found evidence of alien structure
The people of Gobekli Tepe may have left after a cataclysm. In spreading their knowledge and culture they may have helped form ancient Egypt and China.
Ahead of the Curve. There is absolutely 0 proof of the curvature conspiracy theory. None.
Creepy Kids Toys and Shows?!?
If Aliens Ate Human Meat | Zarnaps for the Ethical Treatment of Humans - Is this disclosure hiding in plain sight? With MSM now confirming UFOs are not only real, and that (CNN) "We may not be alone" and that (FOX News) "Secret too terrible to be told" - Is this the actual Truth? Libyan Slave Market
My follow up pic to the triangle trails.
YouTube removes Senate witness testimony from 1985 on behalf of Al Gore since it shows we still have the same climate questions after thirty years of alarmism.
Suspicious circumstances surrounding the closing of cult website
Are aliens (Greys) actually humans from the future?
Mongolia hiding something.
Porn sites collect more user data than Netflix or Hulu. This is what they do with it.
I did my part today did you?
Today close to Edwards AFB and NASA. I guess they’re playing with triangles today. I’ll post another pic in 20 min or so you can see they are not contrails but in fact chem trails. East Lancaster, CA
Kanye West goes off on “White Liberals” — stop telling black people who to vote for
The Bilderberg Group Documentary (Agenda 2019)
FBI releases trove of documents on “The Finders” a well organized CIA orchestrated network engaged in child sex abuse, satanic ritual abuse, abduction, trafficking and brainwashing of children. If someone had told me this story I’d have told them they were an insane conspiracy theorist.
Conspirinormal Episode 284- Nick Redfern 7 (Flying Saucers from the Krem...
Mexican cartel defeats the military in a battle; Kyle Kulinski makes the case for legalizing all drugs
Hadibov's God (the Land Management System, Sun/Moon/Earth system and UFOs)
The Man Who Ordered Epstein's Murder
Jesuit trained U.S. President Lyndon Johnson passed legislation giving unconstitutional Federal funds to the Catholic Church after the Jesuits/CIA murdered John F. Kennedy for refusing to do so!
Greatest mystery not yet solved
I'd like to buy a vowel...
Most epic conspiracy of the decade
Can Anyone Confirm John Podesta was in New Zealand right before or during the mass shooting?
I see stuff like this and then see people say it’s impossible for the US government to have anti-gravity aircrafts.
Intergovernmental migratory organizations directed by Popish persons
Something that I’ve wondered for a while, why is it that it is illegal to be naked, for the most part. I’ve never understood how that would come to fruition? what’s the purpose.
Bunker time? – Former FBI Director James Comey says he will be in New Zealand if and when President Donald Trump wins re-election
Kanye West in new song: "I dyed my hair every time I almost died". MKULTRA and more.
Japan Has Imported Ebola And Other Deadly Viruses In Preparation For The 2020 Olympics
Real Picture of the White House
People need to learn about Cathy O’Brien
Can we storm the Rothschild's and the lodge and divvy up the stolen money to the people they opress
#TeamTrees Conspiracy
We all know about social media psyop, but what I don’t see talked about a lot is Reddit’s post history system
Something's Big Coming Up. STAY TUNED.
The Expanse: Space, War &amp; Politics
Need help from Experts about U.S Government (Intelligence Community)
Further evidence that Rep. Katie Hill is a trans-gender female (i.e., "she" is NOT -- except in her own mind)
Feminism, Homosexuality, Transgenderism and Adultery are dysgenic and are destroying our society.
Perfect Reddit Age
Brexit
Removed off the front page for no reason
Maybe this means something?
People are being slaughtered in Chile and arrested in Hong Kong, and this is really what we’re talking about?
We Are To Answer
Joseph Smith had his own army, his own city, his own county, his own bank, his own money, his own scripture, his own religion, around 30 wives, met the President of the US twice, tried to assassinate a US Governor, was tarred and feathered, and escaped from jail 3 times.
Behold attempt to discredit cannabis by adding poisons to vape juice: "Officials Think This Marker Could Help Explain The Mysterious Vaping Outbreak"
Did the psychiatry is killing us
The Brotherhood of the Bell TV Glenn Ford (1970)
The Bible Clearly States the Earth is FLAT. Wake up to the TRUTH of the LORD. The NASA CULT of LIES must be stopped!
The Devil is in the Details (The Big Lie); Episode 651
Report: Implications of Climate Change for the U.S. Army
The Truth About Marxist Canada
Going down the rabbit hole with "The Finders" FBI files.
Nine-One-One
Scripted Order From Chaos: I Pet Goat II, Superbowl 53, False Flags and Illuminati Elite Rituals
Intertwined – The White Helmets and FSA Terrorist Groups – Evidence of Collusion -Part 1
“Now You See Me” – Over 100 White Helmet Self-Posted Facebook Images Expose Fake Humanitarian Group as FSA Terrorists Linked with Al-Qaeda
The Halloween Conspiracy
9/11
Lee Smith: Deep State Destroyed Flynn to Stop Audit of Its Operations
The international central banking cartel, the biggest conspiracy, is blotted out by all the political garbage around here. It is not an accident.
Fixing a Presidential Election
The Japanese Emperors Enthronement made me so angry with the British Monarchy.
Corruption Caused Blackouts In California, $ spent lobbying &amp; PR not repairing systems (Redacted Tonight)
Ain’t that crazy jimbo???
One time?
Rothschild, Kushner, Genie Energy, Rupert Murdock, Golan Heights, and Netanyahu - Lee Stranahan's Twitter Thread
Oldest U.S. Monthly Magazine, Scientific American, Warns of 5G
Gematria for America comes up to 50.
Fermi Paradox?
Smashmouth=silencing the snitch
Woke white progressives saying "latinx" to other woke white progressives to signal how woke they are — Latinos are now angry that white people are "anglicizing" their language.
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 13/?
dreams- just alternate realities?? need your thoughts!!
The Finders Cult in 1987 (An update)
Edward Snowden reveals he trawled the CIA database for proof aliens exist
FDA’s revolving door: Companies often hire agency staffers who managed their successful drug reviews
All The Russia Collusion Clues Are Beginning To Point Back To John Brennan — The evidence suggests John Brennan’s CIA and the intelligence community did much more than merely pass on details to the FBI. It suggests they fabricated events completely.
Can somebody help me with my essay
Soros money at work ?
Obama: A Legacy of Ashes
Pink Floyd Co-Founder Roger Waters: The US and UK are Trying to KILL Julian Assange!
Spotted in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Any idea what this means?
US troops are staying in Syria to ‘keep the oil’ – and have already killed hundreds over it - Greyzone reporter Ben Norton Syria - October 23, 2019
How Oregon Built A Transgender Medical Complex On Junk Science
Haunted House $20k MK Ultra in Waiver?
“All McCain’s Men” in the FSA Terrorist Factions in Syria – A Lesson in How Not To Conduct Covert Foreign Operations And Provide Support For Terrorists
Exposing “The Last Men in Aleppo” – FSA Terrorist Psyop and Oscar Nominated Propaganda Campaign
Exposing Oz Katerji And The UK Based Pro FSA And White Helmets Terrorist Propaganda Networks Operating In The United Kingdom
Western Media Cover-up: Well-Known White Helmet Terrorist Was Present at Rashideen Bus Bombing That Killed 126 Women and Children on April 15, 2017
Harsh Contrast: The New York Times Caught Providing Blatant Terrorist Propaganda - Comparison of Clarity of Signal Evidentiary Material on FSA Propagandist Hadi Abdullah With New York Times Promotional Video
Inverting Reality: Comparing BBC Panorama Video of Bereaved Father With Facebook Images From His Own Account Proving He IS Actually A Terrorist
Who knew?
Massive Truth Drop: Large Compilation of Mainstream Media Articles and Interviews Provide Overwhelming Evidence That Israel Supports Islamic Terrorist Groups in Syria
If as many little boys were diddled in a Chuck E Cheese’s as a Catholic Church there would be no Chuck E. Cheese’s how is there still a Catholic Church?
Dr. Steve Pieczenik on "sexgangstas" Katie Hill, Nancy and Adam Schiff.
Media Ignores Unmasking of Twitter Exec as British Psyops Officer
Biologically Male NCAA Runner Named Conference Female Athlete Of The Week
The USA Patriot Act: The Story of an Impulsive Bill that Eviscerated America's Civil Liberties
The News are not your friend.
Let it soak in
Just like one can be an Atheist and choose no gods to Worship one can choose not to give their Loyalty to any sort of Government because neither gods nor governments ever gave a single F*** about you or anybody else, this I promise.
Trump accuses Obama of treason for ‘spying’ on his 2016 campaign: "What I said was peanuts compared to what they did."
i’m sorry if this violates the rules
Trump Ties Thousands Of Balloons To White House Roof In Attempt To Sail Away From Impeachment Inquiry
US Armored Convoys Filmed Entering Syria's Oil Fields: Despite Trump's much touted and debated "withdrawal," multiple local videos have appeared showing large American convoys headed back to the region they only days ago departed.
Jessie Ventura On HAARP Mind Control and Directed Energy Weapon Warfare
Head of IMF, Christine Lagarde has been found guilty of negligence in approving a massive payout of taxpayers’ money to French businessman Bernard Tapie but will not be punished and that the conviction would not constitute a criminal record
Thoughts on Clear waters Scientology problem?
Big tobacco files hundreds of patents on vaping related products in last few years
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
Bombs detonating in WTC7
Just found this place.
Why are Christianity, Islam, and Judaism constantly mislabeled as Monotheistic?
The Bible Violates The Community Guidelines For YouTube's Hate Speech Subsection (Specifically Leviticus 20:13) How long before it is banned? What will the fallout be?
DARPA openly describing astroturfing operations. This is why the MIC's position is ironically always on the front page and supported by top comments.
State of UK's commercial news talk radios
Why is public thought so boring now? I just read David Lycnh had Marilyn Monroe film cancelled bc he believed she was killed over her JFK connection and that we don't know who shot JFK. Could you imagine a mainstream celebrity thinking anything like that today?
Google/YT has replaced all popular/poignant moon landing hoax videos with deliberately weak flat earth/hoax vids and mainstream propaganda. They intentionally only show what the establishment wants.
”The West and its Allies Support al Qaeda and ISIS Globally”
Any stories of undercover operatives getting lost in their fake lives?
Strange feeling
Media Ignore Unmasking of Twitter Exec as British Psyops Officer
ICE removes foreign agent Mariia Butina following conspiracy conviction
Quid Pro Quo: What is it?
Doctor shocks top government health committee regarding vaccines.
AI Reddit/YouTube etc. Comments
Hillary is running because...
Mission accomplished.
Adam West's Batman Great Grandfather FOUNDED Skull and Bones per Dialogue on an old Batman episode!
We all should be livid there is no vote in the house for impeachment. Here's why..
Poll: Majority of Americans Want First Amendment Rewritten
California National Guard partner with Ukraine National Guard for over 25 years. How safe are we when two corrupt 'progressive' states are military partners within European Command?
New Hints 311 Seattle
Dangerous acts.. don't try at home
Is anyone paying attention to Roseanne's recent uploads? If not you should.
Doctors are telling parents to be aware of what they feed their kids, as a new study has revealed that 95% of baby food in the United States contains toxic metals
Why Brexit was so interesting
Windows Into The Soul
This Shit Is Real, Edward Snowden's Podcast is still hidden on YouTube
Messages in tv shows
Cures Don't Exist in Capitalism. A Real Cure is Free.
Liam Gallagher on MTV’s TRL in early 2000 promoting Oasis’ 4th Album. Also: 9/11, predictive programming, and prophecy. https://youtu.be/MCzTXmKFnnE
4chan /pol/s take on the whole FBI finders vault take. Very good summary I think
Kanye West absolutely breaking the Matrix in a next level interview.
If you were to start a business that would hint that you're part of the Illuminati, what would it be?
Askreddit won’t let me ask about what’s going on in China. So, what’s going on in China ? (Serious and detailed)
Looking for a video about planning for WTC 7's replacement beginning in April 2001.
Kinda of creepy how russian boys have invaded the reviews on the new modern ware fare game.
I am not well. Can we talk about Laughing Horse Orifice.
Behold the memory hole
US congresswoman Katie Hill threatens to sue Daily Mail over nude photos
This old man understands all oceans on Earth are demonstrably level. He is however distracted, as the rest of you globies are. They brainwash, distract you, time flies by, fake news, fake events, video games, movies - before you know it you're an old pervert checking out some thots ass at the game.
Sad truth
Illuminati Episode Two - The plan to stop Trump
I thought Harvey Weinstein was Dead?....
Russ Mckamey Is A Murderer//heart Attacks//Non-Responsive
9-year-old Illinois boy arraigned on five murder charges
We are living in a sub simulation, a simulation within a simulation. First is the creators simulation where Karma governs, within that is the electromagnetic matrix simulations being employed by our rogue government
15 Reasons Why The Indian IT Services Industry Is Going Down The Drain
Honest Question: are there any conspiracies circulating that make the claim for how the recent worldwide protests (Hong Kong, Chile, Iraq, Lebanon, etc) are actually secret coordinated attempts, likely funded by some small group of elites, at shifting the balances of power in the interest of money?
Spiritual people act like politics don't matter. Political people act like inner work doesn't matter. Those with both eyes open see that it's all one inseparable mess, and value every attempt to clean up any part of it.
Motorcyclist Who Identifies As Bicyclist Sets Cycling World Record
I Think I Solved the "Avril Lavigne is Dead" Conspiracy.
False sense of privacy.
Marcel Harding Art
South China Morning Post videos full of CCP shills
I Pet Goat II is the ultimate symbolic animation for the grand conspiracy of the New World Order
If you were in a simulation and the only conscious one there and you figured it out, what would you do? Kill yourself, live a normal happy life, or figure out how to communicate with the higher power?
Epstein sucicide memes
I'm grow man?
Sending messages
Has anyone noticed that THC gummies are not what edibles should be like?
From Rogan's Insta
In a Justice System That Punishes Only Poor People, Felicity Huffman is Free After Serving 11 Days of 14-Day Sentence
Twitter removes almost 1 million tweets in Kashmir, accused of bowing to Indian censorship
Thanks America, very cool!
Recent Wheel of Fortune episode hints at SEATTLE FALSE-FLAG ATTACK.
Repost from Rogabs insta
What was really going on with the Amanda Knox murder case?
This is Santiago, Chile right now. An hour and a half ago a peaceful march was called and we are already ~~820 thousand people.~~ 1 Million people
Found this on IFunny on 06/28/2018. Felt it belonged here to remind American the state they live in.
Playboy model who had evidence of elite pedophile ring found dead
What happens to your organs when you die? - Let me give you a hint; YOU GET HARVESTED! lol Time.com Doc on what happens to people after they die - PS: there are not enough rich people in the world to need this much human "flesh" - the only other thing that can explain this is Yummy Yumm Yum! U Eat!
URGENT NEWS Backyard information repo once known as Google Plus is the new underground for government conspiracies.
To what extent can the bible be used as a history textbook?
Matt Taibbi: Barack Obama is going to love this interview his former DIA James Clapper just gave to CNN about the Durham probe: “It’s frankly disconcerting to be investigated for having done... what we were told to do by the president of the United States.”
WW2 Conspiracy
People are poor because they use money to buy everything
Where does the belief that Angela Merkel is hitler's daughter come from?
What is this cryptic video posted by the White House?
The Saturn Time cube 1
Trans Woman’s Child Porn Conviction Overturned Because She Was ‘Struggling With Her Identity’.
Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars, is eerily compatible with Cryptocurrencies
What's with all of the crazy stuff that happens in Florida?
The real Epstein conspiracy
Dallas Airport now requiring you to go through automated kiosks that take your picture before you board an international flight
9/11 curiosity
What was the motive to set up General Flynn?
WTH is even happening anymore?! Giuliani butt-dials NBC reporter, heard discussing need for cash and trashing Bidens
We Can’t Find One Leftist Mark Zuckerberg Invited to Dinner
Selective Perception Puzzle Mystery: What do you see?
FBI Vault just unsealed this 324 page document. "What role the U.S. Intel Community played in child sexual abuse and the group known as "The Finders"
the citrus disease is bioengineered to force us to buy monsanto crap
President Obama Drinks Flint Water
I won't be implanted with tracking devices...
"Whoa," says Edward Snowden as Sanders vows to end prosecution of whistleblowers under Espionage. "This is the most important stance any candidate has taken affecting press freedom so far"
Why don't we go back to the moon? And Livestream it?
Strange radio broadcast
Global Warming Globalist, Greta Thunberg
OF COURSE pics were “leaked”—the impeachment process is moving along!
Epstein's Pimp Maxwell has connections to CNN president's wife and Rupert Murdoch (Graham Elwood video)
Relevant.
Maduro met with Putin few weeks before and days after multiple left-wing uprisings in Latin America. And in recent interview stated "his plan for Latin America is going great"....
Shocking photos of Democratic Congresswoman Katie Hill revealed
BREAKING: A severe glitch has caused the (Front Page Reddit) algorithm to behave unexpectedly!
Looking for a specific documentary...? (I only remember a handful of details)
The Trilateral Medical Industrial Complex - Big Pharma, Big Insurance, Big Medical. Are the profits parasitically obscene,
What did he done this time?
Wanna help save the planet?
If we still haven't seen the Snowden leaked documents what "leak" is this anyway? I say there were no documents, just a bait for the russians. Here are my arguments
Truthstream Media - Then They Came For Your Mind: The Untold Story of Psychosurgery
Is Long Island really an island?
HRSA: Vaccines Cause Encephalopathy (AKA Disease of the Brain)
People are getting banned on twitter for showing this democrat congresswoman's relationships with staffers. If Any other politician did this they would be toast!
The Real THIRD-EYE
Some body scanners can detect cancer - some were potentially used in US malls as early 2012
**The ClimateGate Emails** circa 2010. Proving Climate Change is just manufactured BULLSHIT!
One way to spread the word
Tom Macdonalds suicided protection song
People getting banned off twitter for showing Katie Hill Iron Cross!
Mike Pence: The NBA is a 'Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of China'
Meat packer conspiracy
FBI Vault just unsealed this 324 page doc. "What role the US Intel Community played in child sexual abuse and the group known as "THE FINDERS?" Get in here and start digging.
New FBI vault documents on The Finders
Hillary Clinton says Dark Web video made her lose. Reference to her snuff film Frazzledrip?
Andrew Yang claims "white people will be shooting up asian churches next;" is this evidence of "managed decline?" That sounds like he is hoping it will happen much like Hillary's team wished the San Bernardino shooter was white instead of Muslim.
Many Truths of this twisted world are hidden in our fiction
The Curious Case of the Egg Shaped Penis| Can anyone relate?
Transition of 7yr old boy on hold after judge rules in favour of joint custody.
The Curious Case Of the Egg Shaped Penis | Can anyone relate?
Is Bernie being honest about legalizing marijuana?
If you didn’t already know
Conspiracy/Cryptid Network
US to deploy more troops to eastern Syria to secure oilfields
We are made up
Video Request: President Obama Announcing "Recovery.gov" on Youtube
Hillary and other warmongers disapprove of Trump pulling out and Turkish proxies killing Kurds. But these proxies killing Kurds are the exact same groups designated "moderate rebels" and "moderate Islamists" who she approved of the CIA and Pentagon arming and training.
The Cuban Missile Crisis &amp; The Assassination Of JFK
Tom Macdonalds suicided protection song.
Reddit works with animal shelters to promote a positive image of pit bulls in order to help them get more adopted.
Empire and Interventionism vs. Republic and Noninterventionism
The reddit hive mind about PizzaGate
where can I find independent conspiracy videos?
Connecting Maria Butina, FISA abuse, and the "$1 billion bribe" offered to Patrick Byrne of Overstock
Never Trumpers, why does CNN not have it front page that the inquiry into start of Russia gate is being upgraded to criminal but impeachment inquiry is?
A song referencing alot of the stuff talked about here. I found it very interesting
Freudian Slips | Mossad, 9/11, and Government Oopsies
Freudian Slips | Mossad, 9/11, and Government Oopsies
Epstein is buried in a unmarked grave. Now why would you do that unless he’s still alive of course.
President Trump will attend World Series Game 5 in DC on Sunday. Assuming game 5, Trump Team and Deep State surely are both conspiring to 'win' over global audience. Who will win PR battle game day!
Jesus is King!
Some lyrics from the band Agent Orange that ring true
“I can’t believe we live in a country where parents are allowed to chemically castrate their 7-year-old boy, but spanking a child is called abuse.”
Str8 Fax
Space to be 'next war-fighting domain', says Donald Trump
AG Bill Barr formally announces 2020 “pre-crime” inspired by “War on Terror” tactics
Google spy software
Apparently the Chinese Government has seen our posts. F China Taiwan #1!!
How to eat candy corn.
Joe Rogan Believes
Oprah all but begging Donald Trump to run for president on her show in 1988
How many outright lies can a reporter get caught telling and still be allowed to write for NYT, New Yorker, and The Nation? Ask Adrian Chen.
Head of Federal Student Loan program resigns. Says program is "fundamentally broken" and we need large-scale debt forgiveness.
the instagram phenomenon
Shocking photos of Democratic Congresswoman, Katie Hill kissing her young female aide and posing nude surfaces online
Space to be 'next war-fighting domain', says Donald Trump
Scott family threatens citizen with easiness readiness codes!
They’ve seen our posts!
Anyone notice Marks Zuckerberg's pupils dilation? Like I know micro-dosing acid is popular in Silicon Valley &amp; all, but damn bro not during GOV meetings. It's no wonder he looks so un-human; the MF'er is trying desperately to hide any sign of emotion to not reveal the fact that he's tripping balls
Biblical Cosmogony By Manly P. Hall
[mind control] Is It Just Me or Are We All Being Electronically Subdued?
5 people, including married couple, charged in Providence sex-trafficking investigation
Why is every alarm "beep" when locking the doors on your vehicle sound identical even though there on different makes and models of vehicles?
(Tom MacDonald - Trying To Kill Me) One of the very few artists to address these points.
What are some really BIG ideas that you have to make society better?
Don’t let yourself get bamboozled this year, my friends!
Blowback: US-armed 'moderate rebels' slaughter Kurds in Syria
Shocking photos of Democratic Congresswoman, Katie Hill kissing her young female aide and posing nude surfaces online
The truth about Mona Lisa
How to eat candy corn
Maria Butina released
The truth is in the dip
Video: Harvey Weinstein confronted after appearing at East Village bar
I think Democratic Congresswoman Katie Hill is a preo-opp, transgender female. (i.e., a male by birth)
I really think this method of discussing sensitive topics can be very helpful for the growth of this community and others.
The Russiagate hoaxers will now be calling any actions taken against them as 'weaponization of law enforcement'
Those who cheered on the Trump-Russia probe -- based on a vague tip &amp; DNC-funded oppo research, &amp; filled w/ politically motivated leaks &amp; overzealous prosecutions -- are in no position to oppose a probe into whether crimes were committed in the process.
The ‘risk to democracy’ in Chile isn’t from protesters. It’s from Piñera and the 1%: Protest criminalised, direct action equated with terrorism: it’s starting to feel like the bad old days of Pinochet
Every time I click on a controversial post on my front page. When I click the back button to go to the comments it disappears from the front page. This happened since Tencent bought into reddit.
[Meta] GOP Senators Introduce Legislation to Move 90 Percent of Federal Jobs out of DC
School conspiracy, I found this in my classroom and I couldn't understand it, can somebody decrypt this?
You Need to Do This Immediately!...
What if every generation has felt something like what we feel after realizing that everything is basically fucked
The Durham Investigation Is Criminal: A Disaster for the Liberal Media
The Democratic Party, and The Corn Farmers may be Working Together
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D-HI) announced early Friday morning that she would not seek reelection for her House seat, arousing immediate suspicion that she intends to launch a third-party presidential bid after all.
Plan to destroy the US, a new "green deal" - the latest version of Agenda 21 and 2030. The boldest tactic yet to advance the U.N. Globalist dictatorship.
Thought you guys might enjoy a post I just made on a Youtube video about successful LSD users
What do you guys think of California yet again being at the center of several “wild fires”?
Israeli forces enter a mosque in the village of Issawiya with shoes on
CNN listens to Joe Rogan
(Europeans) Come and help catch paedophiles over at r/TraceAnObject
The DOJ's Russiagate Probe Just Turned Into a Criminal Investigation: Prosecutors have set their sights on former CIA Director John Brennan and former national intelligence director James Clapper.
The Moon gives flat earners credit! oh no!
did you know there's some scripture, which could indicate Russian destroying America? it could happen any day now.
Get Your Popcorn Ready – Four Different Reports Released Last Night Indicate The Days Ahead Will Be Devastating For The Deep State!
Flynn doc drop summary here. His lawyer Sydney Powell just blew the Michael Flynn case wide open. This was a conspiracy to frame Flynn.
Big Oil and climate change
The New York Yankees have a secret "socialist economy" for season ticket holders
The USA illegally invaded Syria and Armed and Trained Al Qaeda and Isis to unlawfully overthrow Syria's government and control its oil. Caitlin Johnstone hit another grand slam and is an enthusiastic fan of TheGrayzone.com , a great site uncorrupted by the CIA
The WWI Conspiracy - The American Front: Part Two
i know you know
Many songs containing the words "hell" or "heaven" released recently
Well thats interesting
Notebooks draining battery while switched off
DNC Awan brother die in Tesla
The Joe Rogan podcast with Edward Snowden is now #2 on trending
Bernie Blackout
On conspiracy
He didn't
Dreaming conspiracy
Epstein didn't killed himself
Were the flouride rinses that we got in elementary school some sort of big initial dose of pineal killing chemicals?
Exxon has misled Americans on climate change for decades.
Why is it bad if Trump was to ask Ukraine to investigate corruption and hunter Biden.. but it was cool and will is for some that the Clinton campaign gave the FBI the Steele dossier ??
In 1931 (before NASA and the CIA were created) Popular Science describes the earth as a flat disk with upturned edges.
Forgotten ABC News Report about Some Stock Traders Having Prior Knowledge of 9/11 Attacks
Would it work?
Draining the Swamp: DeVos fined, held in contempt for unlawful student loan collection
U.S. Attorney John Durham’s ongoing probe into potential FBI and Justice Department misconduct has transitioned into a full-fledged criminal investigation
ABC News Report about People Benefiting Financially From 9/11
The CIA Circumcised Small Children During The Agency's Infamous MK-ULTRA Program
Manifest Unexpected Money Instantly With These Virtual 6 Simple Hacks
translate from binary, servers to unstable to upload standard text
Are Archons responsible for Jerusalem Syndrome?
What No One Knows About The Fires
01110100 01110010 01100001 01101110 01110011 01101100 01100001 01110100 01100101 00100000 01100110 01101111 01101100 01101100 01101111 01110111 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100010 01101001 01101110 01100001 01110010 01111001 00100000
Swedish journalist Nathalie Rothschild on state owned SR, "independent and impartial" journalism. Fishy.
Why have you never heard of Joe Alexander? If you care about 9/11, read on...
If Gov was really smart they would have disguised their nasty chemtrails w/ long uplifting messages supposedly written by an anonymous millionaire
Big Carrot is selling you a lie.
Fun fact about Canada and Denmark
Facebook will reportedly launch a 'news' tab on Friday
Chinese professor on the role of the US “deep state” in Hong Kong
Jesus is king album?
COD Modern Warfare is propaganda
Exxon Has Known About Climate Change Since 1977
Worlds longest tongue-Unsual Talents
Dr. Dietrich on the pineal gland, fluoride, glyphosate, EMF, and chemtrails
Chinese professor breaks down the role of the “deep state” in HK protests
Peruvian mummies - why isn’t the whole world talking about this?
Septic
The WW1 Conspiracy
Peruvian mummies - Can we review the videos and offer opinions?
Havana syndrome recordings
GENDER CHANGING DOLL MATTEL -CONSPIRACY
Kincade fire in Sonoma County ignited by something
Situations like the "Jeff Younger case" are manufactured- faked, in order to get the hypothetical extreme cases discussed in the public space, thereby giving lawmakers a reason to play out law in the real world via the courts to solidify precedent.
Fluoride: Something You Might Not Know
The News Conspiracy
Harvey Weinstein Turned Up At An Event For Young Actors. One Woman Who Confronted Him Was Thrown Out.
A beverage company is testing addictive pharmaceuticals and Research Chemicals, and specifically targeting people recovering from substance abuse, in the effort to make a buck off their soda.
Russ Mckamey of Mckamey manor
Obama + Trump =...
Martian soil is stranger than anything ever found on Earth. There's a geological history here we still don't fully understand.
Juno, NASA is so clever
Trump To Send Thousands Of Troops &amp; Tanks To "Secure Syria's Oil". I know, I know. 4D Chess or Some Shit. #MAGA (Make Assad Go....Again)
Pea Protein was recently linked to heart disease in pets and removed from many pet foods. Suddenly, it’s being pushed as a health food and being used in many products that it wasn’t before. Gotta get rid of it somehow, right?
As opposed to non-human?!
Best Conspiracy Documentaries?
After a decade of research, I think I’ve settled on my Alamo
guest on JRE, "amazing you're able to do that and get away with it"
This NBA Referee Was Fixing Games For The Mob
Companies use memeable moments in movies, videos, advertisement, etc to get more recognition and free advertising by meme-makers.
Some Questionable objects spotted above ignition point of Sonoma County, California Fire
I went to Safari and tapped the address bar, typed nothing, and the keyboard suggested this. Anyone know why?
Update: Judge rules Jeff Younger to maintain joint conservatorship over 7yr old son.
Tump got out of Syria to screw Hillary as she along with the CIA was the architect of the Arab Spring. It is now completely dead.
Could the 39 People who were found dead in britain be linked to China?
God and the Bible
[Meta] Joe Biden claims to be "the object of their attention" in reference to Russian trolling operations directed by Putin
[Meta] Joe Biden claims to be "the object of their attention" in reference to Russian trolling operations directed by Putin
Joe Biden claims to be "the object of their attention" in reference to Russian trolling operations directed by Putin
The NBA and gambling debts
As if their credibility wasnt already near zero
[Meta] Joe Biden claims to "the object of their attention" in reference to Russian trolling operations directed by Putin
DOJ Officially Launches "Criminal Inquiry" into RussiaGate Hoax. MSN tries to spin it, but looks like the Hammer is Coming Down!
/r/mildlyinteresting: My plant can't grow close to the Wi-Fi hub
Documents show Trump, ‘Apprentice’ contestant at Beverly Hills hotel around the time she says he assaulted her
2-hr YouTube Ad of Hacked Live Streams in Asia???
PG&amp;E transmission tower broke near origin of Kincade Fire
[Meta] Alex Morse on Rep Neal's refusal to get Trump's tax returns: "I think his action is emblematic of a kind of leader, or lack thereof, that's he's been over the last 30 years."
The Amazing Warnings Of Benjamin Freedman
The Judge who sentenced those Proud Boys to four years in prison only gave two years to an Orthodox-Jewish, eight-time sex offender
[Meta] Justice Department review of Russia probe turns into criminal investigation
Who has a doomsday plan if credit cards stop working? What is it?
Did the holocaust happen?
Rothschild, Kushner, Genie Energy, Rupert Murdock, Golan Heights, and Netanyahu - Lee Stranahan's Twitter Thread
Rothschild, Kushner, Genie Energy, Golan Heights, and Netanyahu - Lee Stranahan's Tweet Thread
Congressman-reddit-election-interference/
The Elite don't want you to remember how powerful your thoughts and feelings really are. Or how much you can help create peace on Earth
Is this the “flashing video on the dark web” Hillary was talking about?
What is the name of the wikipedia like platform for conspiracies?
Don't forget
It wasn’t long ago that Turkey’s jihadist shock troops slaughtering Kurds in Syria were promoted by US politicians and media hacks as cuddly “moderate rebels”.
Is this enough for you guys to start protesting yet?
I just got permanently banned from r/baseball for this. This is censorship at its finest
Is the death of Europe?
Why Has Finland’s Fertility Rate Collapsed — And Are There Lessons for Us?
This seems like a decent portal for independent news sites, what you say?
I love these!
Why should the Protocols of the Elders of Zion *not* be sold?
A post about Epstein made the front page
Why do our own minds try to cause us so much pain?
A post about Epstein made the front page
Apollo 11 and the America That Was
Texas Needs to Stand Up and Protect James Younger | White House Brief
Is it?
Your Comprehensive Guide To, And History Of, The Russiagate Hoax
Yelp Review of Midway Motel in Caliente, NV
The Reality of it All
Canada's Federal Government, Via Wilfred Laurier University, Telling Muslims How To Vote!
Fire = Bible
The destruction of black culture is a conspiracy
Atajew: The History Behind a Turkish Conspiracy
Creating a Narrative Around Shit Cities to make population think its normal to holiday 10,000km away and then come home.
Lipitor and Crestor (statins) only decrease risk of heart attack by 2%, but increases the risk of type II diabetes by 24%. More bunk cholesterol science payed for by big pharma.
Fun facts about stars
The Dynamics Of Realm Intrusion
Moloch Announces Forcing Your Kids To Become Transgender Is Acceptable Form Of Sacrifice
New poll suggests that a majority of Americans want the 1st Amendment re-written to punish hate speech.
Hillary Clinton blames 'dark web flashing videos' for her election loss in latest interview that showed her 'doing horrible things.'
Elon is secretly the illegitimate child of Wernher von Braun who named him after his prophecy - The Mars Project (1953) - to fulfill it and to finish what his father envisioned, and Errol Musk was just a terrible but good cover in South Africa, change my mind.
Modern black culture is a glimpse into YOUR future
Reddit Only Weeps For Hong Kong
does edward snowden talk about searching for aliens in the joe rogan podcast if so can someone timestamp were they talk about it be much appreciated thanks
[Meta] A moderator removed comments for 'rule 2' even though it was a META thread
AOC admits to Democrats purposefully and maliciously spreading misinformation to the African American community.
The Scientism Conspiracy
The Scientism Conspiracy
Tons of Articles Today and Yesterday about Edward Snowden Proving There are no Aliens
America
Control test: I posted a blurred image of a "nude" Rep. Katie Hill in r/conspiracy. After 15 minutes, it completely disappeared from r/conspiracy/new, although the URL is still active. The image has been scrubbed from Twitter, Google and I'm now wondering whether this is a new Reddit "feature."
95% of Baby Foods Tested Contain 1 or More Heavy Metals, Study Finds | Whole Foods Magazine
Beware of ideological subversion campaigns this election cycle 2020. They will try and divide and confuse voters with nonsense, half truths, whole lies, and purposefully muddied waters. Follow the facts and find the kernel of truth.
To the guy that said it wasn't on u.s. trending. Hadnt even been a full day.
Top Model Turned Whistleblower Exposes Elites
RoboTrump - An AI Trump that writes more coherently than the real Trump.
I’ve never been so entertained
Think about this the next time “Massive Wildfires” are the headline
Report: 95% of Baby Foods in U.S. Contain Toxic Heavy Metals
Trump cancels White House print subscriptions to the Post and the Times. Hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars will be saved.
How Underwriters and Short Sellers Manipulate Share Prices Ahead of Stock Offerings
A profoundly thought provoking debunking of the official story that the Earth is a spinning globe. Thoughts?
Posted this over on r/UFOs wanted to see what you guys over here think
Received a free flash drive, and it's harvesting my data. (info in comments)
This image was shadow banned for me on /r/the_donald. What about here?
Serious Problems In The Catholic Church - This 5 minute video is all you need to inform yourself about the extent and reach of the activities of the Priests in the Catholic Church. Just 5 minutes, just watch...
Received a free flash drive, and it's harvesting my data.
Can someone translate this for me?
Antivaxxers
How to live off the grid as much as possible?
6 Crazy CONSPIRACY THEORIES - ??? Podcast Episode #1
The cures for many diseases, like cancers, definitely exist, but big pharma suppressed them, so they can keep making money of long term ill patients.
Decrease of Truth Seekers on this Forum Increase of Snopes / Debunkers
Russiagate is a just a clever way for the elites to stop Americans from reading Wikileaks and also a nice excuse to justify NATO’s budget
...
Bitcoin, Fiat Currency &amp; The Future Of Civilization
Middle East explained for dummies
Race-baiter Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez to Mark Zuckerfuck: “In your ongoing dinner parties with far-right figures, some of who advance the conspiracy theory that white supremacy is a hoax, did you discuss so-called social media bias against conservatives and do you believe there is a bias?”
Kurdish Military Leader Thanks President Trump, Credits Him For Negotiating Ceasefire (this sub has been weirdly quiet on this one.....)
I have been researching Planet X for over 15 years now but, not recently and normally find these types of vids to be just lens flares and such, but this one is very convincing. Anyone with a #14 welding mask on here that can confirm or deny?
WTF M8?: Shocking photos of Congresswoman Katie Hill are revealed as she's seen NAKED showing off Nazi-era tattoo while smoking a bong, kissing her female staffer and posing nude on 'wife sharing' sites-THIS IS NOT AN ONION HEADLINE
Democrat "star" witness William Taylor sat on board of Ukrainian NGO with deep ties to George Soros
How do globe-earthers explain this?
Looking for ways to drain the swamp in Washington DC? This legislation would move 90% of federal jobs out of the swamp, dramatically reducing costs and the centralized concentration of power that enables corruption to continue.
Reddit will not let me search for James Younger 🤔
Red Hot Children Pumpers?
Senators introduce bill to move most federal jobs out of the swamp of Washington DC.
JRE's latest Edward Snowden podcast doesnt show up in sort by most popular videos in JRE's channel, at all
America's Drone War | 2002 - 2019
Eared Goblin filmed in Dagestan. In the Forest of southern Dagestan accidentally filmed a mysterious creature with big ears like a Goblin. it was hiding in a hollow tree. the American got scared and ran away
Watchdog Media Presents MH17 - 3 Weeks at the Crash Site - Multipart Video Series Chronicling Events in Ukraine - Day 5 - July 21, 2014
Bitcoin Scammer Stealing $63 Million Brutally Tortured and Murdered by Business Partners
Is This Famous Actor AWAKE or INSANE? --- THOUGHTS? (Terrence Howard)
They're insistent that me and others praising Gabbard is some deep, dark conspiracy to re-elect Trump. Maybe I just think she's the only authentic candidate the Democrats have and deserves respect. Ever considered that?
In a Single Tweet, Rudy Giuliani Admitted to the ‘Highest of High Crimes’
Never believe anything until it's officially denied
Remote Viewing Life On Mars (Full Version) | Watch still the end!
Help us Save James. Not really a conspiracy but Idk where to post without being banned. Link in comments.
Mysterious creature similar to a gnome attacked a Forester in the forest of Russia. a strange creature similar to a man with the size of a small cat was hiding in a tree in the forest, the Forester managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera
Lawyers for Ukrainian oligarch have another client: The columnist who pushed Biden corruption claims
Flat earth debunked in 2 minutes
"Hillary, Acknowledge the Damage You've Caused: it is long past time for the Clinton war machine, and its backers, to step aside." -- Tulsi Gabbard is doubling-down on her conspiracy theories that Hillary is a major root of America's foreign policy disasters.
CAESAR'S MESSIAH: The Roman Conspiracy to Invent Jesus
It’s interesting how positively Wikipedia judges the Chilean government, a bit at odds with the population, judging by all the protests.
The alien disclosure will not happen until after the rapture.
Survey for Heaven's gate Project
Thoughts on Gradient?
Joining Secret Societies
The French Connection Revisited: The CIA, Irving Brown, and Drug Smuggling as Political Warfare
When consipricy theorists fall in love...
Ok guys. Need your thoughts on this and Hillary Clinton.
Journalists and Dems Use Identical Talking Points on Impeachment
Former CIA agent Kevin Shipp exposes Pizzagate
The Ancient Roman Shipwreck In Brazil
What is this Homunculus the cocoon of the giant worm, mutant or strange creature. In the cave, found an unknown creature with fur the eyes were yellow, maybe it was a giant mutant worm
Let's get to the ground zero of the "Trump v Deep State" conspiracy theory
Rolling Stone, Oct 20 2019 - Pushing the Tulsi Gabbard as Russia's favorite asset lie to the masses
Edward Snowden says that the CIA invented global warming- “I have documents showing that the CIA invented the whole thing,”
Why Are Polish Irish and Italians Not Considered truly white by "real whites"
Why Schwarzenegger’s “Game Changers” documentary is dangerous
Hmmm
Freedom of speech is NOT a good thing without the ability to think critically...
Journalists and Dems Use Identical Talking Points on Impeachment
Andrew Yang wants to invest $50 billion in thorium and fusion energy technology. We need to support politicians when they talk about real solutions like this.
Dinner is Served
Women women women
Robert Maxwell, Billionaire, Spy for the Mossad and Father to Ghislaine Maxwell; He turned the staggeringly profitable business of scientific publishing and peer-review into the behemoth it is today. Here's how.
Where in the Agenda 2021 document does it say that they want to reduce the world's population by 95 percent?
George Soros's secret 2016 access to State exposes 'big money' hypocrisy of Democrats
Unusual Underwater Features Near Coast Of East Brazil
Request for information: silenced ongoing world-wide protests (~20+countries)
The Silk Road Investigation: A "Pattern of Bad Behavior and Double Agents"
Does the comment section seem really weird in this thread? Lot's of dissenting opinions that get down voted to oblivion if it is a parent comment, but then the same opinion will be up voted if it isn't a parent comment. Idk just seems weird.
The Zionist narrative is being introduced into the American public school system - notably, in Oregon. The indoctrination of American children to embrace and to politically support the claims, the lies and the conspiracies of the Zionist narrative is becoming a fact of life in the USA.
Kids Meet Teen With Chronic Illness
How Reddit Was Destroyed: The power now resided in individual subreddits, obviously the most popular ones. There was a power grab to become moderators of these subreddits. Once the default subreddits were controlled, drastic changes began to occur. Now blatant censorship.
Fluoride. An angle you may not know.
Mysterious creature similar to a gnome attacked a Forester in the forest of Russia. a strange creature similar to a man with the size of a small cat was hiding in a tree in the forest, the Forester managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera
My meme got removed for being way too edgy on r/dankmemes.
The Deep State Is Assassinating Julian Assange
Aoc setting the stage to pressure fb to further censor conservatives
Aoc setting the stage to pressure fb to further censor conservatives
And it begins...
The 770 Show #2: Emotional intelligence
The modern scientific peer review system is a corrupted politicized joke. Change my mind.
The essex migrant situation is a clear hoax
Rep Jim Banks: Why can’t @reddit share the methodology used to make their decision to quarantine @thedonaldreddit? Because they don’t have one. The world’s 3rd largest social media site should not make politically motivated publishing decisions.
Donald Trump with serial paedophiles Jeffrey Epstein &amp; Ghislaine Maxwell
The flat earth theory is not a total psyop. (Though the “Flat Earth Society” and that Netflix documentary are good examples of dis/misinformation). The FE theory/evidence is actually quite compelling if you investigate it.
How the hell did Snowden get into the US and on Joe Rogans Podcast while Julian Assange is getting tortured so bad he can’t even represent himself in court?
PG&amp;E has amazingly coincidental timing with this latest fire and the planned power shutdown.
Britney Spears is NOT CRAZY - Troubles &amp; Behavior Explained
The amount of effort used to attempt to dissuade users from research is starting to reach critical mass. A lot of information seems OBVIOUS to certain users.
The DR in the TX castration case explains how to tell a 1 year old is trans
Edward Snowden on the JRE hit over 4 million views in 24 hours. Never appeared on US trending.
Ready or not....here it comes.
Mindfulness &amp; Meditation can Change Your Life
Vaccine Lies - Popular UK TV show, Loose Women, forced to apologize for wrongly reporting on a poll, they claimed that viewers wanted to see fines brought in for anti-vaxxers, whereas the reality was that viewers voted against that
Edward Snowden: No evidence in CIA databases that aliens exist
Remember, most beer has fluoride in it as well.
[UK] 39 Bodies Found In Lorry, Driver Arrested, Came From Belgium Through Docks
Where did Patrick Byrne go?
Genetics are a pseudoscience
Short clip from a Terrence McKenna talk. How to be a free thinker. Free your mind! Have faith in self, dont be a slack jawed consumer of the popular culture/opinions.
The circled names in Epstein's black book are likely innocent. This includes Donald Trump.
Ms Marcia Robinson Lowry, IT’S NEVER TOO LATE TO HAVE A BETTER CHILDHOOD
Leaked Documents Cast Doubts On OPCW Report On Alleged Syria Chemical Attack - WikiLeaks
Miami Herald’s Perversion of Justice investigative team discuss the Jeffrey Epstein report
Children abused for decades at 'sadistic' London school, inquiry finds
Miami Herald’s Perversion of Justice investigative team discuss the Jeffrey Epstein report
Professor says grading, good grammar are examples of white supremacy
Donald Trump is part of a massive CIA plot to normalize incestuous relationships.
US government proposes increasing surveillance of students to prevent mass school shootings
Scopolamine sold legally in bulk
Snowden just blew his cover.
New Evidences shows the Pyramids CAST with Agglomerated Limestone Concrete
Only Cowards And Sadists Support The Persecution Of Assange
Human Studies that Indicate Autism/Vaccine Link.
BBC has made its international news website available via Tor, which can help people in China and other countries avoid government surveillance and censorship. Instead of visiting bbc.co.uk or bbc.com, users of Tor browser can visit bbcnewsv2vjtpsuy.onion, which will not work in a regular browser.
Snowden said something very interesting in his Joe Rogan interview - national security is not the same thing as public safety
Alas, Lo and Behold, 'unappropriate for r/trashy'
A theory of a profit-driven surveillance state, looking for critique/expansion.
An analysis computer program by the MIT finds rich people are rich because of luck, not talent nor skill nor intellect
Just a reminder that in a DNC lawsuit against Assange, he was found not to be a co-conspirator of Russia, with his publications being protected under the First Amendment.
Channeled message on the reptilian conspiracy
Steele, State and the Alfa Bank conspiracy theory exposed.
Dear President Trump: If you do not end censorship by Big Tech, you will lose the election and thrust America into a violent civil war
British Medical Journal - New strain of measles (B3) which cannot be stopped by the vaccine, is the cause of recent outbreaks
First look at an alternate reality in picture form?
Joe Rogan interviews Edward, when will he interview JA?
1 – Bill Cooper Talks Ep. 01 a good one
Round n round we go
Thoughts?
Thai king sacks six royal officials over 'evil actions', days after removing consort
Here Comes The Judge: Whistleblower To Expose CIA UFO Disinfo Scientist, Congressman in Court
Mysterious creature similar to a gnome attacked a Forester in the forest of Russia. a strange creature similar to a man with the size of a small cat was hiding in a tree in the forest, the Forester managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera
It doesnt matter if your liberal or conservative. Censorship causing the death of the Republican party should concern EVERYONE
39 Chinese Immigrants found dead in UK
Tucker fires warning shot on widespread censorship: Does Trump realize he won’t be reelected if it goes unchecked?
Why are there so many conspiracy theories surrounding Israel and what’s so “special” about it
Is this the future of computers?
What is this Homunculus the cocoon of the giant worm, mutant or strange creature. In the cave, found an unknown creature with fur the eyes were yellow, maybe it was a giant mutant worm
Russia Sends Nuclear Bombers To Africa As Putin Hosts First-Ever Economic Summit
Edward Snowden searched the CIA's networks for proof that aliens exist. Here's what he found
Total Dread?
[Question] i recorded footage of an accounting firm visiting Epstein's island, am I legally allowed to display the audio/video? Am scared that this is now in my possession
"The FBI Said Conspiracy Theories Like QAnon And Pizzagate Are Domestic Terrorism Threats" - The FBI calling "Conspiracy Theorists" as "Terrorists" is Terrorism! Being told you are possibly being targeted by the US Gov for seeing to find &amp; expose the truth IS TERRIFYING! aka Terrorism!
Are secret societies really so bad? Or do they serve an important function?
Linkevičius: on the need to cease addiction to Russian aggression
30 mins ago I posted this picture and it was removed under rule #13 which applies to link posts, this is not a link, it's a screen cap from my phone, meaning a moderator on r/conspiracy had to have manually removed it. I was pointing out it had 6 silver awards with 0 upvotes and 0 comments.
They Want Your Reality - Realm Piracy
Chatty Gargoyle at Denver International Airport
Michael Hastings (journalist) - Wikipedia
Calling "Conspiracy Theorists" "Terrorists IS Terrorism!
A vegan conspiracy?
6 silver awards with 0 upvotes and 0 comments?
This Video Made Me Aware
Trump is a deep state spook
Turning Point is detrimental to society
Have we found ancient aliens or are they severely mutated human babies?
A very thought provoking alternative explanation of the universe around us. Thoughts?
A pretty thought provoking alternative explanation to the universe around us. Thoughts?
This was Incredibly thought provoking explanation of the big lie. I found it to be very compelling, how about you?
Something a bit more fun and apolitical.
All freemason and luciferian secrets revealed...
In 1963 with the Labor Zionist youth movement Bernie Sanders volunteered at a kibbutz in northern Israel. His motivation for the trip was as much socialistic as it was Zionistic. As mayor of Burlington Sanders allowed a public menorah to be placed at city hall, an action the ACLU contested.
What is this Homunculus the cocoon of the giant worm, mutant or strange creature. In the cave, found an unknown creature with fur the eyes were yellow, maybe it was a giant mutant worm
Documentary - History of propaganda - The Western Education System
How to Recognize Propaganda | Cold War Era Educational Film | ca. 1957
Wikileaks Whistleblower Panel Report on the Douma Attack of April 2018 Assess OPCW Report Did Not Match Its Own Investigative Findings - October 23, 2019
Occult/Secret Knowledge Discord Server
Barack Obama’s pre-presidency DC apartment. Prior to being Prez Dem. Barack Obama wasn’t even worth $10 million. Now he has a house in Chicago, DC, &amp; recently purchased a home in Martha’s Vineyard from the NBA owner of the Boston Celtics. Trump’s net worth has declined since becoming President.
The military only supports Trump because he sweet-talks to them
Huh interesting.
Possibly the most recently significant hole in the 9/11 Truther Theory
Nothing untouched by the hands of obvious government shills. This place is dead to me and the reality should only further validate the integrity of those who understand what I’m saying. We’re living in a time where our core values and our integrity mustn’t be undermined by the widespread... disease
It Took A Billionaire Pedophile To Die In Jail For Media To Finally Report On Elite Child Sex Trafficking
Climate change scam and technocracy
Openly satanic elite/military/politicians/etc?
Pork Belly Market Manipulation!
President Trump's Lawyer implied today that Trump could kill everyone in the USA and it would not be a crime.
This was deleted as a duplicate post yet i can't find the other one.
Makes Sense to Me
Just stumbled across this. Not sure if its been shared before.
Extinction Rebellion is a front
LightLife vegan meat conspiracy
Al Franken receives 9/11 Warning from Former NYC Mayor Ed Koch
Ghislaine Maxwell, Rupert Murdoch, Jacob Rothschild, Bill Richardson, Larry Summers, Michael Steinhart: 5 (of 8) board members of Genie Energy had close ties to Epstein
Guys it’s confirmed Jews are the smartest race!
These where over Phoenix Az and I thought you guys would enjoy. There gone now sadly.
You get a Google home! You get a Google home! You all get a Google home!* *(so we can listen at all times)*
Swingers After Dark: Episode 102 - A Degree is Nothing But a Deodorant
The only way to convince the masses that the official 9/11 story is untrue, is building some sort of scale model of the south/north tower, and flying a plane into it.
The Network
Hell In A Prison Cell
NYT already acknowledged Trump was right that Deep State exists and is taking him out. Deep State still labels themselves "conspiracy theory" in Wikipedia. DS is hedging not confident of success with their takedown operation.
Wall Street funding the biggest communist revolution in history? Yup. The most unlikely people are often the puppet masters behind civil wars, proxy wars and world wars.
G.B painting
whats your favorite conspiracy??
Everyone needs to have silver
Illuminati web series- Episode 1 Soros and Bezos Team Carbon control.
User tmfwang is a norwegian bot paid for by the Sanders organization to push Sanders’ message across Reddit.
Interesting find
I don't think the Holocaust happened.
95% Of Baby Food Had Toxic Heavy Metals, Senator Schumer Calls For Action
Quantum computing will kill cryptocurrencies
The Democrats want Trump to win in 2020
Oh frick word!!
Which mainstream conspiracy theory do you think holds the most water?
Illuminati web series episode 1 Soros and Bezos Made using adobe
The Russians Are Infiltrating Us Through Freight Companies?
Clip off of the joe organ podcast. Usually don’t post but love to hear your guys opinions. Funny because after watching this, I saw Spotify giving away free google homes for their premium users.
Snowden Searched US Intel Databases for conspiracies
Edward Snowden: How Your Cell Phone Spies on You
The Internet isn't being used for it's original purpose.
I had high hopes for the HBO series Watchmen. Turns out it's shit. It's just propaganda, pushing this "white supremacy is the new terrorism" narrative. What a letdown.
A podcast covering some of the conspiracy theories around the world's oldest known temple: Gobekli Tepe.
Real shit..?
Get a wiretap for just $9
Rep Jim Banks: Yesterday, I sent @reddit a letter warning their "quarantine" of r/The_Donald, the largest conservative forum on their site, is election interference. Today, @reddit extended it until after Dem primary polls open. Blatant &amp; intentional meddling!
“Unicorn” accounts on Instagram
Access to White People Is Not a Civil Right
The Hӧllywood Connection: How a Decades-long International Terrorist Conspiracy Inspired 9/11
Know More News' Adam Green debates Line of Fire's Dr Michael Brown on Noahide Laws and Israel. (Live)
Someone is watching your posts?
Just waiting for my ban on /r/interestingasfuck. Just posted this.
Coincidences or not: Why is Tulsi Gabbard in feud with Google, Hillary and the media
Is the Deep State Winning? What is the End Game?
Ron Legarski is livestreaming
Cartoon Network is full on indoctrinating children on the cabal.Teen Titans Go has Illuminati episode.
What did he done this time?
I honestly think, Hillary is setting up to run against Trump.
Slenderman in my opinion is real.
The ultimate conspiracy: The Gnostic Message and the Metaphysics of Deception
Assange fights back tears and describes living 'in fear' in court
Catholic Church Crimes Against Humanity Part One - This 5 minute video talks about how the Catholic Church is involved in Pedophilia &amp; Child Rape around the Globe! With actual mainstream media news outlets talking about and exposing this as a world wide problem! Make sure to share this so ppl know
(Viewer discretopm is advised) Canadian Flight Center Company publishes creepy ad for their service, as it blatently conveys the message of mk ultra, possession, and subliminal messaging. This is my thoughts and comments on the subject matter.
Wage Slave
The ultimate conspiracy: The Gnostic Message and the Metaphysics of Deception (shadowbanned on r/Gnostic)
A progression of shitty internet
Buy some silver on 11/11 (November 11)
What's a conspiracy that you believe you know for a fact is true?
The Lost Light #6 - Hour of the Time - Bill Cooper
The truth about Nick Cave
Possibly new world order???
Coca-Cola Named Most Polluting Brand in Global Audit of Plastic Waste. They fought hard to put the blame on the user and not the company.
Henry Ford's 'plastic hemp car' from 1941
Thought you guys would like this cool guide
Channel 4 News on the mind-bendingly crazy story of how Jimmy Savile, world record breaking paedophile, rapist and elite child trafficker, was put in charge of a maximum security psychiatric hospital
39 Dead bodys found in Truck , in London
Who loves pizza? Chrissy loves pizza!
Illegal drugs are tax free and more profitable to those behind the curtain. Gary Webb, an investigative journalist, exposed the CIA for drug smuggling throughout Latin America and using Bloods and Crips to create the crack epidemic. Gary Webb was found dead, shot twice in the head...ruled a suicide.
So earlier today, someone posted the post that got they perma banned from /interestingasfuck I told them they probably just broke rules 2,4 and 6 but I would put out some bait just to be sure..... and apparently my bait post committed suicide :/
weekly reminder
Charlie Kirk Calls USS Liberty Attacks A 'Conspiracy'
A building collapses when on fire .. yes, it does happen tin foil hat people
Just some friendly reminders
Hillary Clinton Accidentally Posts Condolences For Tulsi Gabbard's Suicide One Day Early
Legalization of drugs is the way to combat cartels, former Mexican president says.Some world governments will also be hurt by such a move. It’s time!!!!!
dirtyyyyyy
Here's another Video on the dangers of 5G and the future
Were the Mayans actually right? Were we supposed to die in a doomsday event in 2012? Seems we narrowly missed something HUGE... more than once on July 23rd.
Israeli private intelligence firm Wikistrat claimed to have “recruited” slain Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi shortly before his murder
Making a Revolution in the Trading Sector with Statizex
Was Paul Walker's death really,purely accidental
Kanye is gonna try to wake these people up
This is normal right?
Who is at the top?
Where have all of the Q-posts gone??
[META] Closed Door Impeachment Proceedings
What's up with the UK lorry thing?
Edward Snowden just argued that there's no conspiracies because he couldn't find any information about them...
Which President EXPLOITED The Job The Most? 🥊 Inherent Corruption in U.S. Politics Fully Explained (Funny Montage)
Four Democrats in Zuckerberg hearing own Facebook stock!
Depression seems to be a problem at CDC
Initiative to outlaw unsupervised experiments in genetic recombination?
Banned from r/interestingasfuck for posting what u/mymorningjacket posted
Zuckerberg has just paid off the Dems
Watching Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner on Netflix and Chrissy Teigen asks David Chang if he would ever eat human meat
Something to think about
Windows 10 is last Windows OS and new versions will be feature updates.
Imagine leaving out the part where it would cost over $30T to implement this and income tax rate doubles for everyone to pay for it.
Phones reading our minds etc.
What is this Homunculus the cocoon of the giant worm, mutant or strange creature. In the cave, found an unknown creature with fur the eyes were yellow, maybe it was a giant mutant worm
Joe (Pysch Op) Rogan and Snowden Podcast
Report: Austin Homeless Being Implanted With Trackable Microchips. The "Mark of the Beast" Prophecy is Alive and Well
Thank-you r/conspiracy
Now 5G tech make sense. Using the quantum CPU just reveled by google, the criminal cabal in power can process huge amounts of data captured from all future 5G devices at planetary level. Every move you will make will be tracked, analyzed, predicted
Edward Snowden's Message to Us (JRE Podcast)
The Great E-Cigarette Cover-Up: Why Big Pharma And Public Health Are Lying About The Dangers Of Vaping
The MK-Ultra Program
Edward Snowden: “Global Warming is an invention of the CIA”
CIA Asset Sean Penn &amp; El Chapo
The subtle inherent corruption of the U.S. government explained
How have the contrails/chemtrails looked in your area in the past few recent months to present? Any changes?
Ole Dammegard: Sea Eagle 2019 is an Oct 23-24, 2019 "9/11 op" in 5 EU countries, unless exposed
In lieu of the recent info memes I keep seeing about the suicide
"The Squad" and Gabbard put politics before their conscience in the roll call vote on troop withdrawal in Syria
Mineral content of vegetables may have declined 80-90% over past 100 years.
Why are Democrats Impeaching Trump behind Closed Doors?
How does a single /r/politics post get over 6.5k comments in less than an hour
Is this for real? Putin admitted this?
[Meta] The difference 75 minutes can make
#FreeHK Movement: Setup for Genocide
Fascists vs Antifa
Help Becki Percy stay safe in the USA - Survivor of Satanic Ritual Abuse
Potential nuclear extortion.
Possible proof that big tech is meddling with elections
Brain Scans Shed New Light on Mysterious Attacks on U.S. Diplomats and Spies in Havana
Death Grid
A Call For A Coup: Admiral William McRaven announced if Trump continues to fail to provide the type of leadership the country needs, he should be replaced by whatever means necessary
I just got permanently banned from r/interestingasfuck for this.
NYT Stealth Edited Hillary Conspiracy Article To CHANGE Russia To REPUBLICANS??! THIS IS NUTS!!!
Music mogul Sean "Diddy" Combs nonchalantly claiming that Stevie Wonder isn't actually blind
Where do you guys go for the news that actually effects you?
This Is EXACTLY How Fake News Spreads
A Drug Cartel Just Defeated The Mexican Military In Battle
The movie Traffik exposed Pizzagate
What Happened To Avril Lavigne? Compelling documentary about a subject that is surprisingly interesting
Why won't Quincy Institute &amp; Bacevich mention Israel... the Benjamins? -. If Americans Knew. "Israel’s interference in U.S. politics is highly organized, generously funded and ongoing at every level of government to obscure what Israel actually represents. Why won’t Bacevich and the Soros-Koch ..."
The MSM is Quite (JRE/Snowden Related)
Donald Trump says Assange and Snowden deserve the Death Penalty - Don't Let It Get Memory Holed
Trump leaving Syria to Russia is the quo; what was the quid?
Ex-Kaliningrad soccer player arrested for petty hooliganism gets rowdy at station, footage shown here; ends up dead after suffering 95% burns over his body when he tore a radiator up. This was after the surveillance camera went dark, supposedly destroyed by him as well.
The MSM is a joke and the fourth estate is broken. Our societies are getting played while the Corporations pick their teeth with our bones. Plus a plug for my favourite podcast Intercepted with Jeremy Scahill.
The Difference An Algorithm Makes
The Most EPIC conspiracy movie of all time by Anonymous - "KILLUMINATI" FREE STREAMING NOW!!
Trump lawyer: Trump can’t be prosecuted for shooting someone
I'm noticing a trend of obvious sports conversation topics subverted into 1 of 2 categories...
Conspiracy: All Trump supporters are die hard Republicans that watch FOX all day!!! Reality: This image has 2.2K upvotes on T_D
Bernie Sanders is Ashkenazi
[Meta] Pedophilia is not a partisan issue
Is Vegas TRUMP Tower largely Unoccupied, but fully paid?
Another dose of hmmm
The Russia meme was, is and will always be BS. Robert Mercer &amp; his trio of influential institutions: CNP (Council for National Policy) Breitbart, and the now defunct Cambridge Analytica, were far more decisive at securing Trumps presidency than “Russia hacking the election”.
Joe Rogan Experience #1368 - Edward Snowden
Republican congressmembers illegally bring cell phones into secure area in order to prevent depositions on the Ukraine quid pro quo. What are they afraid of?
Is this not enough evidence to remove JamesColesPardon from his mod position permanently?
Does Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez want a Great Leap Forward in the United States?
Kanye West - Best Hits
Lori Lightfoot New Chicago Budget address cutoff by FOX
Oh Fuck! My Yerba mate is a Pedo!!!
This is what white liberal corporate conditioning/brainwashing looks like. If Tulsi Gabbard really cared she would have been speaking out against it before it impacted her.
Help Becki Percy stay safe in the USA - Survivor of Satanic Ritual Abuse
That it's Alien creature or a cocoon of a giant mutant worm. In the cave, found an unknown creature with fur the eyes were yellow, where the length of thirty centimeters, maybe it was a giant mutant alien worm
Sanders Pledges Not to Use Espionage Act on Whistleblowers as President
New York Times Corrects Article; Makes it Less Correct (NYT: Hillary didn't say Tulsi's being groomed by Russians, she said Tulsi's being groomed by Republicans!)
Is official, Google claims they have a CPU chip that can calculate each SECOND the same data that for a supercomputer can take 50 YEARS. All passwords, bitcoin, current cryptographic codes can be defeated in minutes or days
Google And Facebook Are Reading Your License Plates
Suspicious Battery Drain
Israeli forces stop Palestinian woman from entering al-Aqsa Mosque.
Podcasts
Politicians Live in a Parallel Universe: The Pentagon and the CIA will continue inflicting death and destruction until these wars are “won,” which just might be never, especially since the interventionism produces a never-ending stream of anger and hatred toward the United States.
Your daily "Hmm"
Both parties ARE NOT the same
Atlantis: Was it real? What was it? Where is it?
Is this going to be what they'll use Blue Beam to distort the public view?
IOF claim extensive cheating in orienteering by hosts China at World Military Games
Both parties ARE NOT the same
two proud boys get 4 years against no accusers, nobody pressing charges, simply the state and media looking for crime
Social Media Tracker-Blocker in New Firefox browser. Very good addition, now why is Twitter (CIA front) tracking us? And why are they pretending to be "PBS"?
Ever hear of Rex-84? It's the U.S. Governments plan to detain millions of Americans in a "National Emergency"
Best conspiracy I heard in the last time
How are all the central Cali folks doing after the blackout?
Mitt Romney acts like a child by using a fake name on Twitter
This about sums it up!
Hong Kong formally withdraws extradition bill, but why now? Maybe to stoke Catalonian protests and destabilize Europe and the West?
Simulation theory; Confirmed
Joe Rogan Experience #1368 - Edward Snowden
AT and T “project offices”
TIL a simulation from Princeton suggests U.S. and Russian nuclear war plans would target each other's 30 most populated cities in the final stages of a thermonuclear exchange — leading to 85 million casualties in just one hour.
God save the KING is the UNITED STATES Star-Spangled Banner!!!!
Google makes advances in quantum computing and the MSM thinks it's great. What they don't tell you is that quantum computing is going to be necessary in cracking or creating encryption in the future and it's a necessary step in the development of human level AI (AGI) and Superintelligence...
Joe Rogan Experience #1368 - Edward Snowden
Edward Snowden: How Your Cell Phone Spies on You. Published on Oct 23, 2019. Taken from JRE #1368 w/Edward Snowden.
Edward Snowden
I Truly Believe Americans Don't Even Know Anything About This Guy
Owen Benjamin is the new Alex Jones. And is way better at it...
Donald Trump with serial paedophiles Jeffrey Epstein &amp; Ghislaine Maxwell
Edward Snowden: How Your Cell Phone Spies on You. Published on Oct 23, 2019. Taken from JRE #1368 w/Edward Snowden.
The real reason why we are pushing to colonise Mars
[shitpost] The Virgin Jeff the Killer vs The Chad Jeffery Epstein
That it's Alien creature or a cocoon of a giant mutant worm. In the cave, found an unknown creature with fur the eyes were yellow, where the length of thirty centimeters, maybe it was a giant mutant alien worm
Reddit just shadow banned my comment linking to a backup archive of elite pedophile James Alefantis. Proof here.
Trump partying with known traffickers of children and serial pedophiles Epstein and G. Maxwell.
Trump enjoying party with known pedophiles and human traffickers Epstein and G. Maxwell.
Beto El Chapo connection?
Let's start World War 3
Recruiting liberal celebrities to normalize US foreign policy and war criminals
Lol best joke in years hopefully it stays up for a while, Hackers attack CIA hosted mobile espionage service, Www.quickfix.com On a side note avoid doing business with this company at all costs they are in bed with the cia and will illegally monitor your devices.
Building in New Zealand burns for over 24 hours. Mysteriously it does not collapse straight down into it's own base at near free fall speed. Must be made of passports...
Joe Rogan interviews whistleblower Edward Snowden [2 : 49']
Thoughts on Ed Snowden's interview with Joe Rogan?
Howell Axed Man, NJ
Joe Rogan saying "shill" to Mick West is one of the weirdest noises I have ever heard. Make of that what you want. Fucked me up watching it high.
Under digital surveillance: how American schools spy on millions of kids
Reddit blows and these "required submission statements" are ridiculous.
39 dead bodies discovered inside truck in Essex, UK, murder suspect arrested
A large real-time digital map in the Aircraft Control Centre shows every single Rolls Royce engine in the world currently airborne. Malaysian Airlines MH370 was a Boeing 777-200ER equipped with Rolls Royce Trent 892 engines. So Rolls Royce knows exactly where Malaysian Airlines MH370 ended up.
Joe Rogan saying "shill" to Mick West is one of the weirdest noises I have ever heard. Make of that what you want. Fucked me up watching it high.
My friend forwarded this pic to me. Any sources?
What are your thoughts?
Edward Snowden is a Mole that has a
Two days ago, Ole Dammegard said there would be a major European false flag event on 10/23 - 10/24 with exactly "39" attacks. He was right! 39 bodies..
Joe Rogan Experience #1368 - Edward Snowden
Joe Rogan just had Edward Snowden on his podcast!
Did you know the Nye Committee in the 1930s investigated the USA's role in WW1 and connections to war-profiteering?
Isn't it weird that Trump's image is on Israel's temple coin?
Wealth is a gift from God. No need to strain yourself beyond limits looking for wealth. Watch this video for more wealth Tips
Craig Murray: Julian Assange is being Tortured in Belmarsh Prison. Monday's extradition hearing was a farce, with a completely corrupt Judge sitting in a Kangaroo Court. It was like a show trial in the USSR where the verdict is already known
Good Morning America Posts/Tweets GENIUS of BABIES = DELICIOUS PIZZA!
Good Morning America Tweets GENIUS of BABIES = PIZZA
Which river is in the DIA mural?? I cant figure it out
don't be surprised
What are some great websites or blogs to read up on conspiracies?
Trying to find 9/11 video(s)
New James Alefantis interview (Pizzagate, October 2019)
Is your phone tapped?
world war 2 seems to be less about racism and more about plundering magical artifacts upon inspection
Poll Whistleblower: Florida pollster (Public Opinion Research Laboratory) intentionally left Bernie out of new Florida poll
'Sex slave' Virginia Roberts 'went to hospital with internal bleeding following Jeffrey Epstein orgies' - as she claims paedophile 'graded' her performance after she slept with Prince Andrew
Came across an interesting link...
Philosophically, besides the attempt made below, how would you argue for privacy being an inherent right?
Part 4: Alleged Sexual Misconduct by CNN Exec and Possible Cover-Up by S...
Listen carefully
Is there any conspiracy on why our govt is so intent on having a ban on raw milk?
If Native Americans are indigenous to Siberia, why do they teach us that they’re indigenous to America?
If Native Americans are indigenous to Serbia, then who was in America before them?
How Many Vaccines Will There Be Now That They Are Mandatory? - with Dr. Chris Shaw
5G irreversible health effects
Dr. Jerry Tennant: Recharge Your Battery and Heal | Electricity of Life
Drugs
Government is just public relations for the shadow state and corporations
5G - irreversible health effects 🥺
Flat earth is a government psyop
Now my iPhone turned off.
[Chile] Lootings seem staged
That's a huge difference to be off by. What changed?
Saw a video about a group of numbered men who run the world.. looked it up can’t find shit?
Something really weird is going on with my phone.
9/11 Inside job?
I’ve seen a number of posts about vape being demonised in this sub
Interesting read. Of course, if you’re messin’ with the government’s free money, you should expect it to be banned.
1993 Comedy Fiction: Bill Hicks "We Made Arsenic a Childhood Food" 2019: Tragedy Reality
What if death were the best thing that happens to us?
Venezuela elected to the United Nations' Human Rights Council
Nadia Marcinko's (Epstein's pilot) vague business website - apologizes if this has been posted before.
Does anyone else suspect that some mass shooters are actually death row inmates?
In the spirit of the season
In celebration of r/conspiracy surpassing the 1M subscribers milestone, I'd genuinely - and respectfully - like to offer an old saying that came to mind recently: "Questions are alive. Answers are dead."
Everyone's favorite subject.
Was Brian D. Hill of USWGO news a target of the CIA??????
My story of having my tap water contaminated.
President Trump is the biggest psyop ever pulled off on the American public
What happens when you die
Facebook deleted Russian accounts just days before Mark Zuckerberg will testify to Congress
House overwhelmingly approves contentious new copyright bill - “The internet has provided many benefits to society. It is a wonderful thing, but it cannot be allowed to function as if it is the Wild West with absolutely no rules”
McKamey Manor - The extreme haunted house that may be livestreaming torturing guests for Las Vegas bets and for distribution via Dark Web.
Get $25 and like that you will help me if you sign up in the link below
Bernie will bring our hero home. And free Chelsea Manning. And end the deep state.
I firmly believe over 85% of Americans are unequipped &amp; intellectually unqualified to vote.
Top US Diplomat in Ukraine: "During that phone call, Ambassador Sondland told me that President Trump had told him that he wants President Zelenskyy to state publicly that Ukraine will investigate Burisma and alleged Ukrainian interference in the 2016 U.S. election"
Arizona GOP Senator: I’m Being Threatened For Trying To Expose Foster Care System’s Links To Child Sex Trafficking Ring
Susan Rice explains how fox news manipulates its viewers into....
Youtube tries to stop Tulsi when she is trending
Poll Whistleblower: Florida pollster, Public Opinion Research Laboratory, intentionally left Bernie out of new Florida poll
Poll Whistleblower: Florida pollster (Public Opinion Research Laboratory) intentionally left Bernie out of new Florida poll
Mckamey Manor Must Be Stopped!!
“Afghanistan is the biggest opiate producer in the world &amp; America is the biggest abuser of opiates in the world.”
With no obvious connection, Scientologists own most of Clearwater FL. What’s their plan?
China using blue dyed water on people near a mosque to mark them. Like a modern day version of a yellow star of David the Nazis used, police will look for those people covered with blue dye. Likely they will be forced into gulags or death camps.
Petey Vid now supports searching Wayback Videos (Realvideo/Quicktime)
Ever wonder what’s at the bottom of the rabbit hole
Ever wonder what the bottom of the rabbit hole looks like
IMPEACHMENT = Clown Shown ; Ehud Barak at it Again
Spred the word
IMPEACHMENT = Clown Shown ; Ehud Barak at it Again
US Trained Air Force Personal To Recover UFOs
Downvoted by liberal left for commenting #GreatAwakening
Dog Collars and Facebook
Guys I just noticed something, harry Potter's parents share their names with the parents of Jimmy Carter, this is an excerpt from a paper I wrote last year.
How much Kinsey was useful for the change of the social norms of sex and accountable was for his methods?
Trump approves $4.5 million in aid to ‘White Helmets’ in Syria
Countries keep incomes low and cost of living high on purpose, to keep people on edge and scared and make them work harder.
test
Pilot talks about Geoengineering while being filmed by hidden camera.
Athanasius Kircher By Manly P. Hall
Hmm
Theory: this trans movement is a clandestine operation by the government for population control
Christopher Bollyn "The Dual-Deception of 9/11 and the Fraudulent War on Terror”
Does anyone have any evidence or articles talking about scientology running Hollywood?
Here Comes The Censorship!!! Instagram Adds "False Information" Labels
[Meta] JamesColesPardon's moderating permissions have been rescinded
Just putting this out there, and I hope I'm wrong.
oh frick
4chan: Nobody and mods
Does this sub ever discuss Scientology? Would love to discuss how the church covertly recruits through social media 'life coach' influencers, like Grant Cardone and Tai Lopez.
Former CIA official says Russia benefits most from Trump foreign policy, Putin must wake up thinking he "must be dreaming"
AIDS is not caused by an HIV virus
Under Armour and Nike CEOs step down on the same day
Will 5G be used for Artificial Intelligence to watch us? Will Deep Web be "forbbiden"?
FLASHBACK: The War on Terror Origins w/ Know More News
Rep. Jim Banks (R-IN) has sent a letter to Steve Huffman, CEO of Reddit, highlighting political bias on his platform and demanding Reddit end censorship of “The_Donald,” a user-created pro-Trump community of over 750,000 members. Reddit is one of the most influential sites on the web.
New Channel 4 Dispatches documentary exposing Epstein and his friendship with Prince Andrew
The biggest confirmed conspiracy theory of my lifetime
The Father who's sons transition was decided by a court today says his mother would lock him in a room and tell him a fairy was waiting outside who only ate little boys
False Flags, November 3rd, and the CW channel; a example of predictive programming?
Pigeons are gone?
Global Warming is Turning Baby Sea Turtles Almost All Girls
From a friend in Chile. Their government isn't letting the real story out.
Digital augmented overlay technology
This is the last thing Julian Assange shared before his internet was cut...
Chrissy Teigen and John Legend complain of conspiracy against them wherever they go. Something about pedophilia, photographs, and Epstein. Someone should tell her this sub is here to help.
Can anyone recommend a space /aliens conspiracy book? Non fiction. Are there any classics I should be reading?
have buddhists ever committed genocide?
The American Civil War II - The Battle for Flat Earth
Identity Politics are Diluting the Left
The new chicken?
YouTube/ Google is blacklisting Tulsi Gabbard and other channels
Hillary Clinton on Assange "Can't we just drone this guy"
Elements of identity like gender and race are being used to divide the public and sheepdog them into submission
Chrissy Teigen and John Legend complain of conspiracy against them wherever they go. Someone should tell her about this sub so 1,000,000 rational subscribers can discuss it with her.
The Jeffery Epstein Disappearance
The DC Madam hung herself, Jeffrey Epstein hung himself...
"He is a man of nearly infinite means, your honor," aka NOT DEAD! Who has the Blackmail docs?
Crowder unveils likely huge Google/ Youtube conspiracy against Tulsi Gabbard and other “inconvenient” figures
How is 97 percent of Congress able to get re-elected each year even though only 17 percent of the American people believe our representatives are doing a good job? ￼ It’s called an incumbent protection system. Taxpayers have a right to know how it works.
Crowder probably unconvers huge Google/ YouTube conspiracy against Tulsi Gabbard and other “inconvenient” figures
NYS MSA, An agreement between big tobacco and New York State. This is why they want to ban vaping. Other states have variations of this MSA as well.
Why does nobody talk about Angelina Jolie?
Smart electricity meters
Crowder probably just uncovered a huge Google/ Youtube conspiracy against Tulsi and other „inconvenient“ people. Start the video around 9.30
What are the most secured/guarded and maybe not accessible places to normal people (aside from Area 51 and Bohemian Groove)?
Twitter executive for Middle East is British Army 'psyops' soldier
Chapter 2 of The Adam and Eve Story.
Why it is your moral and ethical duty to pirate Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker
Nike and Under Armour CEOs both step down today.
Jury rules against dad trying to save his 7-year-old from gender ‘transition’
Man jailed for talking to strangers in public in the UK!?
The biggest secret about minecraft revealed
Advertisers are super quick to read my messages from friends...
If You’ve Met Aliens While on DMT, These Scientists Would Like to Hear From You
Johnson And Johnson Recalls 33,000 Bottles Of Baby Powder After FDA Found Asbestos In Sample
Forbidden Dinosaur History: Troodon The Intelligent Dinosaur
Human Scare Division
Military pulls e-cigs from shelves, temporarily.
Millionaires now hold nearly half of the world's wealth
Ukrainian Nazi connections
Forbidden Dinosaurs: Troodon The Intelligent Dinosaur | AfrikaIsWoke.com
Magnum condoms are normal sized condoms with a great marketing ploy
UK to use finance meant for green energy to support fracking in Argentina
Mainstream fact checkers
The Post-Truth Media's Human Centipede of Tenuous Accountability Continues: "Anonymous Trump official who wrote New York Times op-ed has a book coming out"
Auckland Convention Center Fire (NZ)
[PDF Warning] Opening Statement of Ambassador William B. Taylor
Here Comes The Judge: Whistleblower To Expose CIA “UFO Disinfo” Scientist, Congressman in Court
James Corbett joins Kristina Borjesson and Celia Farber of The Whistleblower Newsroom to discuss 9/11 Whistleblowers. Using whistleblowers and a laser beam focus on the forensic evidence, this conversation exposes just how preposterous the official 9/11 narrative really is.
That this Homunculus cocoon of the giant worm, mutant or strange creature. In the cave, found an unknown creature with fur the eyes were yellow, where the length of thirty centimeters, it is poorly understood. maybe it was a giant mutant worm
Politicians are a distraction
How do I join the "good team"?
Wildlands Corridors Conservation Act 2019
It’s 2019 and still no HD UFO footage
Top 10 “Best” Pedo-Harvesting Foster Care System States Countdown: #2 New York... Take a Deep Breath...
There is this "Illuminati card game" that predicts some events that already happened. Tin foil hat
The Expertise of Experts
Mark Passio - Anarchy &amp; The Occult - Part II - Religion vs. Initiation
The military has been trying to increase the integration between physical objects, data collection, data analysis and autonomous decision making into The Internet of Battlefield Things. Several years ago, the Army issued a solicitation that summarized...
Salad fingers is a post war veteran
American here, for those who were able to view it, what are your thoughts on The Prince and the Pedophile documentary?
Kingston High School on Modified lockdown. Active Shooter
I used to mock the flat earthers. After watching this video, I now would like to apologize to anyone that I've ever mocked or ridiculed here who tried sharing this truth. You were right the whole time.
Why you should ditch Google's Chrome and switch to (or back to) Mozilla's Firefox browser version 70.0. You're not being paranoia. You are being followed. Marketers are embedding dozens of trackers per website to follow your online wanderings and build up ad-targeting profiles on you. End it !!
Questions about conspiracy
The circle is complete
A $1.5 Trillion Flying Blunder
Andrew Yang wants to build a thorium reactor by 2027.
Not something quit interesting
The world order is about to turn upside down any moment now. The United States is rapidly losing its "mafia" authority.
Regarding Vaping. This needs more attention. NYS MSA.
Censorship in real time: Robert Kennedy Jr, gets mic cut off and pushed out of Harlem church while speaking about vaccine issues. He completes speech in the *street* outside.
Money!!
Megyn Kelly and good ol' Jamesy
Support Our Troops - Bring Them Home To America
Funniest article from Global Research
[Meta] I am new to conspiracy research and I'm looking for guidelines/resources/methods/strategies etc. that conspiracy researchers use
The Tobacco company made vapes to get people addicted to nicotine.
A Nation In Distress
Scene from the show Utopia about depopulation. Notice the Freemason logo in the background on the ceiling.
Mole People/Tunnels. (Las Vegas Shooting) I wonder if these tunnels were utilized as an escape especially if there were multiple shooters. I have no actual info, only speculation and curiosity. I wonder if someone went back down to speak with these people, did they notice anything then?
Exposing &amp; discussing the many conspiracies in the toxic soup we all live in is serious business. The rules at /r/conspiracy are not really very much about what we can 'talk' about but rather deal with how we 'talk' with each other. There are rules, sure, but Funny is and always will be OK here !!
What happens when we wake up?
Governments Pretend People Have Conspiracies to Pretend They Spoke and to Hide Crime Methods Using Cases and Their Areas Rackeetering Roles
So, does anyone actually believe in Uyghur concentration camps, or are we all kind of just going along with it because fuck China?
Things most people get wrong about WWII
Found the Chemtrail Geoengineering video that I was looking for. Interesting stuff, but cameraman is hard to listen to.
Sky Triangles
HAHA!!!
I believe there is elite pedophile rings but pizzagate is reaching and most of the “evidence” is pretty stupid. Change my mind
BARACK OBAMA PLOTS WITH ROBERT DE NERO IN NYC
Flaw in the vape conspiracy
The Secret Impeachment Inquiry began 3 years ago.
The Very Top of the Pyramid: Just 4 Companies Control the World, Yet You've Probably Never Heard of Them
What happened to anti-monopoly regulations?
President carter recovering from fall.
Andrew yang has $6.4 Million in cash on hand... so why does MSNBC continue to show Booker (With only $4.2m) as having raised more?
Why most Humans Reject The Idea Of Reptilians in humanoid form
Comedy conspiracy: Little Person comedian admits to a rape in deleted video and everyone is covering this up for him
Nazi Survivor - CA politicians want your guns! - In the beginning Hitler was like an American politician
Illuminati Music Branch Endgame
Hillary Won't Endorse Any Dem... Just Laughs &amp; Smiles when audience heckler says she should run. Hillary OWNS the DNC, she's running. Period.
Time passes, but things stay the same
Any Song @528hz :)
Facebook is suppressing communication with Chile!
Tulsi Gabbard now has an 800% chance of dying by suicide
When was the Swindler's list was release which has a character sniping Jews in a internment camp, and when did Israel start sniping Palestinians such as children?
Pennywise And Mary Poppins Are The Same Species
When did the Swindler's list was release which has a character sniping Jews in a internment camp, and when did Israel start sniping Palestinians such as children?
The Police and Militaries of the World are Satanic Dogs
Since autopsy has confirmed Epstein "hanged" himself, is there any news of how he did it or are they hiding every detail regarding what happened in the cell?
Q Breadcrumbs Rising: [Live] House Judiciary holds hearing on Securing Elections. Also: REAL ID goes into effect in 2020 just before elction. Are we witnessing Q's "Voter ID Law" chessmoving in?
I'm not the only one who notices this right?
Trump’s Official YouTube Channel Uploads Video Called 'Obama Knew'
"but MSM and my left wing politicans told me he was a right winger so it must be true! Who cares that the left wing pushes the same policies as him!"
Military Camouflage Developer Unveils Incredible Invisibility Cloak
Prisoners in Chinese concentration camps are subjected to rape, torture and medical experiments
Hillary Clinton - "I think it's a lot harder for Americans to know what they're suppose to believe".
This isn’t a conspiracy but it is very interesting.
Mayor Pete - a Silicon Valley plant?
Good thing I have a healthier alternative!
Report: Journalist Found Dead After Investigating Clinton Sex Crimes
Epstein Children?
Epstein Mystery Children?
More Podesta Art
We Have No Reason to Believe 5G Is Safe
In my opinion, the evidence does seem to indicate that the CIA's actual headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland, and perhaps even inside CERN. Nevertheless, draw your own conclusions
California Governor Gavin Newsom decided last week that pardoning three immigrant felons to help shield them from being deported was more important than keeping the citizens of his state secure.
Hollywood is no place for children
Alleged Sexual Misconduct by CNN Exec and Possible Cover-Up by Senior Management
How do you guys feel about Julian Assange? Should Trump pardon him?
The Satanic World We Live In
Why are we borrowing money from China to give to Ukraine in the first place?
New Russian activity targeted Biden, praised Trump
The Finders Cult
Mitrokhin archive
Bill Gates REFUSES to say why he flew with Jeffrey Epstein post-prison
I think China flagged my IG account for Hong Kong support.
This just breaks my heart
Can some one help me find the video of lady gaga where she's high af and passing out standing up?
Extraterrestrial Disclosure 2019 (Thailand UFO conference )Alien life wa...
Can we please stop discussing Tulsi Gabbard
Red Shoe Diaries
Birds Aren't Real merch // @birsarentreal @birdsarentrealatl
Australia: Why newspapers across the country have redacted their front pages
Special Report: 1,700 Texas foster children ran away last year, 245 currently missing
Is the government cracking down on vaping due to the taxes they lose when you don't buy cigarettes?
Pulp Fiction and the number 33
Rampant benzo handouts mirror early days of the opioid crisis, doctors tell Pew Trusts
Hmmmm it's almost like they don't want to protect their own country
Exxon being sued
Guess where Barack Obama was last night? He was attending a fundraiser at the home of Alex Soros, son of George Soros, in New York City with Eric Holder.
Couldn't really believe I read this.
We need to talk about the FAKERY of space
Super Videos
Has jeffery epstein been buried yet? No news of his funeral
Assange in Court, by Craig Murray, torture whistleblower and former UK ambassador. On the disgraceful servility shown to US officials by UK prosecution and judge concerning extradition.
Super Videos
AFFILIATE MARKETING
Vigilant Citizen: Symbolic Pics of the Month 10/19
What if tobacco companies were somehow poisoning or putting stuff in vape products to take them off store shelves.
Epstein is NOT dead. This picture (on the right) has always bothered me. It's the nose. Much more hooked than picture 1. His hair color. Hairline. Eyebrow color. Forehead. He didn't commit suicide. And no one "suicided" him. I suspect he is alive. All the other conspiracies are designed to mislead.
Did he do it?
Nothing to see here, move along.
Bullet dodged!
can someone explain to me the epstein conspiracy. all i know is that he got murdered in prison but i dont know who he is or who he was connected to
Testing, testing, 1, 2, 3. Did you know that Trump was accused of raping a 13 year old girl at one of Jeffrey Epstein's parties in 1994? Are all the elites pedophiles? Is this accusation different than the ones levied against other powerful politicians who are accused of eating babies?
Major European Terror Attack Imminent - Europe's 9/11, including nuclear meltdown...must be stopped!!
Ole Dammegård warns of possible imminent large scale terror attack in Europe. (See 4 minute mark if you him)
50 Critical thinking tips
He who fights with Monsters should take care that he himself does not become a Monster. And if you gaze long enough into an Abyss, the Abyss also gazes into you.Friedrich Nietzche(1020x850)
Harvey Weinstein discussing about starlets and the mogul aspect at Howard Stern
Get them before they’re extinct
Mr. Rockefeller photographed in excellent lighting! ...but zoom in on the pupils... something doesn’t add up...
Jury awards $450,000 to father of Sandy Hook victim in defamation case
When one person suffers from a delusion, it is called insanity. When many people suffer from a delusion it is called a Religion....
“But here steps in Satan, the eternal rebel, the first freethinker and the emancipator of worlds. He makes man ashamed of his bestial ignorance and obedience; he emancipates him, stamps upon his brow the seal of liberty and humanity, in urging him to disobey and eat of the fruit of knowledge.Bakunin
Interesting - soft disclosure before arrests start to roll in?
The British monarchy is faulting
The Conspiracy Theory Conspiracy
About that Seattle False Flag on Nov 3rd
Hugh being woke again
Pope Francis's robe has boylover pedophile symbols on it at World Youth Day Panama 2019
Dark Overlord censorship and Layer2 update
A horrifying journey through Arizona foster care, and why we don't know how many more children may be abused
Plumb Island.
Cryptic or just cool artwork?
A horrifying journey through Arizona foster care, and why we don't know how many more children may be abused
Yesterday I've created a thread asking why greys are reported mostly by US citizens. Here is the answer.
Trump knows the Deep State secrets
Everyone Is a Russian Asset--Taibbi
[Meta] Shower Thought Conspiracy?
The internet of creativity is over. Now we have the internet of control.
CNN, NBC, and other mainstream media outlets may want another 4 years of Trump solely because he’s a huge source of material for their articles and headlines
Crashing Health In America - This 4 minute video outlines the alarming statistical facts about the crashing health rates of American Children, from Autism, to other disabilities, etc - alarming, but vital information! Stay Safe, and defend your family against the evil that is penetrating this planet
The reason Hillary Clinton hid her email server.
Anyone have any conspiracies on the disappearance of the Malaysian airline?
Finally, we're PULLING OUT of Syria!
this painting wtf
Here is an ABC Video of H Clinton say to a dinner party guest "As much as I have been investigated....why would I use email.....can you imagine?!!!"
latimes.com home page has "Beating Trump — a Times editorial series" - Lefty Lame Stream Media
Is reddit censoring again?
Trump + Clinton - Epstein = Cruel summer ?
All those Google/Bing Memes are being made by Bing to induce people to use it
The Pentagon has just announced that the control of Syrian oil fields is a more important objective to them, then stopping a genocide of the Kurdish people. Let that sink in.
I haven't looked at conspiracy stuff in a year or so and now all I get is MSM ONLY in the search results WTF Happened?
What is happening in latinoamerica, is this our "Latin Spring"?
When people say "The climate has changed this much before", be aware that this is what is happening.
The Secret Doctrine In The Bible By Manly P. Hall
Newest Work Released Tonight - A Tom Petty Parody “Free Stalin” which is a satirical piece. The lyrics are there to let you sing along. Share with your friends who don’t get triggered and don’t believe in sacred cows.
Donald Trump is the real vocalist behind this Grammy Winning song. Confirmed in the song "Apocolypse" by Wyclef Jean .
Only a handful of pre-Christian deities are promoted by the elite because they know they'll be destroyed by actual historically popular deities
Hiroshima Cover Up
Epstein a wider conspiracy?
AIDS is not caused by an HIV virus
Google put Jeff Epstein's cause of death as "cardiac arrest"
Are media personalities CIA linked?
The First Global Revolution: A report by the Council of the Club of Rome (1991) by Alexander King and Bertrand Schneider. The current global push to unite the world against climate change is not a new agenda. It has been a fostered and procured effort for decades.
The Real Chilean Crisis
Re: Mandela Effect. Since when has it been “driver license,” and not “Driver’s license?”
Hollow Earth Chocolate Globes -- seeking angel investor capital
Vegas shooting video scrubbed
Corp Media Hides Prison Abuse At Assange Hearing
Julian Assange Breaks Into Tears as He Is Denied Delay in Extradition Trial
Just a typical conversation with the plague that is killing this website. Foreign bots/trolls don't like to be called out it seems! (MIGHT HAVE TO ZOOM IN)
The Medias Influence On Canada's National Election
Stopwatch proxy
Sandy Hook Old
So I've read "The Hiram Key" and am finishing up "The Hiram Key Revisited".
Something weird is going on in Chile
I am being brigaded and threatened by r/news mods for posting news.
Matt Taibbi debunks the "Tulsi Gabbard Russian asset" line
The Occult origins of NASA
No, Trump isn’t Bringing Troops home: Not those in Syria, or any of the 60,000 in the Mideast
Privileged White men?
"The total number of minds in the Universe is one." - Erwin Schrödinger, Nobel Prize Winning Physicist
Graph of Jeffrey Epstein connections
Yes this is a real painting “war games”
The origins of "Woke Capital"
Was Mossad Behind 9/11?
NEED: Vegas shooting video
It’s all conspiracy theory!
Season 3 episode 7 of True Detective showed the Trudeau Foundation logo
Discredited theories of geopolitical control: explained
How do I leave "mainstream" society?
On the Origins of "Woke Capital"
Is phrenology really a pseudoscience?
If you wanna have some fun, watch this video
If Quebec doesnt vote Conservative there will be a referendum in Alberta and Quebec can say goodbye to 50% of equalization payments by Alberta.
In god we trust, everyone else has to produce the data.
Is there a good handbook of the major false flag/shady operations by America/Israel with citations?
Food for thought
Pentagon now says hundreds of US troops will remain in Syria to guard Syria's oil fields from the elected Syrian government and the Syrian people.
Looking for a moon landing study.
Trump says he may leave some U.S. forces in Syria to protect oil, but not Kurds
USA: 9/11 Exposed, Conspiracy, Who were behind, Details
Arizona Senator Claims Foster Kids Are Being Sold Into Sex Slavery
Conspiracy Discord Servers
Tim Cook to serve as chairman at Chinese business school amid Hong Kong outcry
Strange Underwater Features Near West Sumatra
Not news according to corporate media: Arizona State Senator: ‘CPS Lost 550 Kids Last Year and My Belief is That They are Being Trafficked’
Home water treatment systems
Chinese Government Supressed Pictures
Turns out, Mitt Romney had a secret twitter account, "Pierre Delecto."
TV channel fabricating news about Chile protests gets caught
Compilation of Brainwashed Zombies violently attacking strangers over their political beliefs.
Random Theory About the NAZIs and space travel, looking for more info or thoughts.
I've witnessed a systemic effort by obvious reddit bots/trolls/ai in an effort discourage fringe or dem voters across ALL political subreddits. NOT JUST BETO but this is a damn good example. It's clearly going on, funny typos, and nobody is doing anything about it // REPOSTING+ SUBMISSION STATEMENT
Jerry Tennant: Healing is Voltage -- The Physics of Emotions
Serena Shim: The Life and Unexplained Death of a Syria War Reporter
This proves that the media wants another mass shooting so they can get their ratings up
Trying to find an old thread about the history of conservative talk radio in the US
CIA got footage of Assange friend Pamela Anderson in loo – Galloway
What's the deal with the Monkey Abuse videos on YouTube?
Muhammad forced people from their homes, forced POWs to convert, held captives for ransom, fucked preteens, claimed to talk to angels and even god himself, shoved his tongue in the mouth of small boys, and he executed a little Jewish granny called Zeynab. HE WAS NOT A PROPHET OF GOD.
Bernie defending what's right
Just tried to become an ally on BPT... this was the mod’s reply.
The Bible Clearly States the Earth is FLAT. Wake up to the TRUTH of the LORD. The NASA CULT of LIES must be stopped!
Bernie: Tulsi Gabbard has put her life on the line to defend this country. People can disagree on issues, but it is outrageous for anyone to suggest that Tulsi is a foreign asset.
Thank you, Bernie. This was the right thing to do.
Fuck Forbes
Graffiti swastika vandalism in Las Vegas Jewish temples. Harry Reid wants to ramp up Holocaust education for Nevada students. Real vandalism or fake 'vandalism' giving reason to ramp up Holocaust re-education?
Joseph Smith had his own army, his own city, his own county, his own bank, his own money, his own scripture, his own religion, around 30 wives, met the President of the US twice, tried to assassinate a US Governor, was tarred and feathered, and escaped from jail 3 times.
Tons of MSM outlets starting to push the idea of FB 'Russian Trolls' being able to manipulate 2020 election. But in 2016 we were assured our elections where totally unpenetrable by Obama &amp; Clinton. If far left or right do you believe the Deep State is trying to invalidate your candidates?
Hey fellow r/conspiracy, this author, Tiffany FitzHenry has been red-pilled and is revealing how things ‘work’ behind the scenes in Hollywood and some related fields. This is discussing Lebron and occult symbolism, but her work involves other ppl —Cloony and Ellen being deep state assets.
Facebook uncovers Iran's and Russia's attempts to infiltrate the 2020 U.S. election, unveil new Orwellian "Facebook Protect" to protect politicians and users from 'disinformation' and be an arbiter of truth.
Trump said he didn’t know arrested Rudy Giuliani associate Lev Parnas. Parnas began selling Trump properties 30 years ago. Here’s Parnas w/Trump in 2014. Parnas is legal team “translator” for indicted oligarch US prosecutors call “high-echelon” link to Russian mob.
SERIOUS: Go try to Wikipedia the phrase “Bolshevik Revolution” and it will redirect you to an aptly renamed “Russian Revolution” and on the entire page, there was not a single mention of the word ‘Jewish’ or the like. Even the wiki entry for ‘Bolsheviks’ does NOT mention Judaism... that’s insanely
Wikileaks editor Kristinn Hrafnsson makes statement outside Westminster Mag Court
More Stopswitch Proxy videos. We'd love some help figuring this out.
If as many little boys were diddled in a Chuck E Cheese’s as a Catholic Church there would be no Chuck E. Cheese’s how is there still a Catholic Church?
The private Instagram account of Indicted Foreign Agent Lev Parnas reveals new clues about his access to the Trump family and his close relationship with Rudy Giuliani.
Just like one can be an Atheist and choose no gods to Worship one can choose not to give their Loyalty to any sort of Government because neither gods nor governments ever gave a single F*** about you or anybody else, this I promise.
Fuck Forbes
The pro vaccine lobby ran one the “best” propaganda programs I have ever seen
The flat-earth trap.
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
A theory about trygf videos
All white people come from America
I've witnessed a systemic effort by obvious reddit bots/trolls/ai in an effort discourage fringe or dem voters across ALL political subreddits. NOT JUST BETO but this is a damn good example. It's clearly going on, funny typos, and nobody is doing anything about it lol
HK protestors are now being labeled as "alt-right"
9 11, Israel, Trump Connection CASE CLOSED 2 (Johnny Gat Mirror)
The World Economy Is Stumbling Toward Disaster
Neil Young Interview part 1
Why are Christianity, Islam, and Judaism constantly mislabeled as Monotheistic?
9/11, Trump and the Israeli connection. (Johnny Gat Mirror)
May have been posted before, too funny not to see again.
Page 47
Facebook now labels posts with "False Information" to prevent 2020 election interference. Great, now FB is another gatekeeper of "Truth" and will dictate what people should believe.
Army inks deal with Blink-182 founder for UFO, weapons research
Communist Indoctrination in The School Systems
(dont worry the pupper did not het Hurt in the video) i think by making these kind of thumbnails these people are showing what they are really in to. Or they are advertising a secret channel or something or some disturbing website. If you did not know some people are into crushing things.
Presidential conspiracy
Barry George didn't kill Jill Dando
NAZI Hollow Earth UFOs
The Daily Beast are reframing the narrative. Claiming Trump to rig election and frame Deep State.
United States ex rel. Gerald Mayo v. Satan and His Staff, 54 F.R.D. 282 (W.D.Pa. 1971), was a federal court case in which a prisoner filed a lawsuit against Satan and his servants in United States District Court. It was dismissed on procedural grounds.
The Edgar Cayce Files
If you can access UK TV - The Prince and The Paedophile is on tonight at 10pm on Channel 4.
The NAZI Hollow Earth UFO Conspiracy
Strange object Falling from the sky during lightning storm
Edgar Cayce Psychic Phenomena and Reincarnation
Stopswitch Proxy- Extremely Strange YouTube Channel.
UK: *EXCLUSIVE* footage of Assange in prison van after extradition hearing
Remember Seth rich?
This painting was found at Jeffrey "Terrific Guy" Epstein's house.
TUCKER CARLSON DIRE WARNING TO MARK ZUCKERBERG
AI, Cern, Merging with the Beast system
The God Of Freemasonry Exposed
Did anything interesting come of this Rofschild thread?
.
The President of the United States Just Called the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution ‘Phony’
Ever wonder just how much the media lies? Well this website might be able to help tell you
Super Bowl 2017 had an Eyes Wide Shut "parody" Avocado commercial. Notice the swirls on their robes.
NEWSWEEK™ backs Hillary's lunatic conspiracies: "Tulsi Gabbard is being used by the Russians, and to a former U.S. double agent, the evidence is clear"
When they insist "both sides are bad". here's an example of one of trumps biggest scandals
Life as we know it
.
Why are we still using uranium reactors when thorium is safer, cheaper, and more efficient?
Hillary, Tulsi and Their Bizarre Russian Catfight
The Truth About What Is Happening On This Planet - With the reports about Jeffery Epstein and all the powerful people he was connected to, to the reports of the CIA trafficking in Drugs, Humans &amp; Children, to the countless cases of pedophilia in the Catholic Church, Never Ending Wars - THIS IS TRUE
Julian Assange arrived at court in London today in a white Serco van and leaves in a white Geoamey van
The Grand Solar Minimum is coming and we're screwed.
Navy Patents UFO-Like Compact Nuclear Fusion Reactor And Hybrid Space/Sea Crafts
Very interesting (Canada)
Unbelievable Construction Fails That Actually Happened
The real reason Clinton is suddenly coming after Gabbard
I just read about drug company coming to a settlement for there role in opioid mess,in the 11th hour,before they were to go to trial. They will pay $200 million. This is another miscarriage of justice. Nobody going to prison. If I sell a pound of heroin,I go to jail. The injustice is piling up!!!
Infowars fan arrested at Dallas Trump rally was sent to psych ward
New Benghazi Documents Confirm Clinton Email Cover Up
The BIGGEST LIE the Democrats Ever Told is Destroying America
[META] Rouge moderator bans user RMFN and says "Go fuck yourself you racist piece of shit."
What’s buried in the Sahara ?
I doubt they let this get posted but please read if you see this. We need to wake up.
Jeffrey Epstein accuser: We had orgy with Prince Andrew when I was 18
This painting was found at Jeffrey Epstein's House.
This guy is exposing the industry on his Instagram @jerseyshyne turns out the music industry is all fake and all the artist are actors.
Navy Seal whistleblowers and Linda Moulton spill beans about humanoids based 2 miles under the ice of Antarctica (video)
The first thing readers must realize is that the National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine (NABU) was an organization set up (extra-judicially) by the Obama Admin within Ukraine to help the Democrats cover up the vast corruption that had been going on, and as a tool to go after then-candidate DJT
cps and social service caught red handed trafficking humans and children
Take care of your teeth
US Forest Service graph shows wildfires were five times worse around 1920's and 1930's
Ever wondered where the revolutionary terrorist waves came from?
I refuse to participate in a system that believes only those with enough paper deserve life and comfort
Tulsi Gabbard is right, and Nancy Pelosi wrong. It was US Democrats who helped cultivate the barbarism of Isis
The Big Banks Own Twitter, Not Jack Dorsey
As Trump Tweets He Is 'Bringing Soldiers Home,' Pentagon Chief Says US Forces Leaving Syria Are Shifting to Iraq
Would you give up Google for $17,000 a year? The Federal Reserve wants to know.
Warning to this sub: something changed 30 days ago.
US may now keep some troops in Syria to guard oil fields- Why does Assad need us to guard his oil fields?
Crackpot Theorist or Truth Speaker ?
“Everything is awesome.” - A Bunch of Billionaires
A Clockwork Orange: What the hell is up with these You Tube ads flashing instant images of people with rotting teeth and facial deformities?
Life conspiracy
Epstein had 13 phone numbers for Prince Andrew, investigator claims
Julian Assange recorded inside prison van during transportation, looks disoriented likely duo to torture
Amazon and Google unwittingly approved speaker apps that eavesdropped on users and stole passwords
Evangelicals voted for Trump, because they think he will bring on End Times
The fuck is going on here? There’s a bunch of posts from Croatia in the popular tab with less than a thousand likes; at the top.
Where U.S. troops and military assets are deployed in the Middle East, just a reminder that there are still 50-60k American troops in the middle east. There are no real plans for ending the wars so quit acting like the government is actually doing anything of substance
WikiLeaks founder Assange appears confused at extradition hearing
The Ancient Fairy Chimneys Of Cappadocia - Exploring The Mysterious Town of Göreme
Dude pepper sprays peaceful protesters then immediately hands himself into police... WTF?
“Starting”
Prince Andrew joined Epstein’s private-island orgy, accuser claims
Anyone else get this dm? supposedly about a terroist attack in seattle
The Fed’s 5G Blockchain Enslavement Plan
Is The New World Order A Jewish Conspiracy? No, It’s A Satanic Conspiracy
How to destroy man (Feminism)
It's actually ethnic cleansing &amp; colonialism
DEA and Sinaloa Governor conspiring against mexican President AMLO Trump wants a trophy
Is "Lucky Larry Silverstein" really lucky?
Geomagnetic excursion IS a threat to our way of life.
Sam Harris, neuroscientist &amp; best selling author on conspiracies and the importance of how systemic societal failures lead to corrupt behaviour, amongst even good people.
Sam Harris, neuroscientist &amp; best selling author on conspiracies and how systemic societal failures lead to corrupt behaviour, amongst even good people.
Canadian Oil isnt dirty oil.
Big Pharma avoids trial with high profile executives by settling for less than a quarter of a billion dollars
Sam Harris, neuroscientist &amp; best selling author on conspiracies and the importance of how systemic societal failures lead to corrupt behaviour, amongst even good people.
Who is on the Apple Board of Directors? What makes us look at competition, free market, monopolies and corruption in a new way?
"Are you voting today!?"
How long until something happens to Tulsi Gabbard?
"ARE YOU VOTING TODAY?"
Ex-NASA Scientist Claims Alien Life Discovered on Mars 40 Years Ago
Two more smears against Tulsi
GOP senator: AZ foster kids are being sold into sexual slavery
1444 video?
Meghan McCain admits her father was executed, says you can't kill him again.
"It's a lot harder for Americans to know what they're supposed to believe." - Hillary Clinton
Here is a conspiracy for you.
URGENT! Yesterday, CNBC posted an article about a fleet of unknown craft approaching from the Atlantic Ocean. They then scrubbed it quickly.
Fyi
Sam Harris, neuroscientist &amp; best selling author on conspiracies and how systemic societal failures lead to corrupt behaviour, amongst even good people.
The American Civil War II - The Extreme Lengths Government will go to Avoid Propping up White Supremacy.
It frightens me that many of the same people outraged at political oppression in China gleefully applaud political oppression in the US, Canada, and Europe
What justification do they have for outfitting riot police with balaclavas? Obviously so they cant be identified and charged with illegal processes but have they stated a "valid" reasoning behind it?
Just a little post-GDPR demonstration you may find interesting or at the very least silly in a fine-just-have-a-cookie-if-you-need-so-badly sort of way: 2kliksphilip VS Data Stealers
4 U.S. Astronauts EXPOSE Alien Life - whatweknow
What Happens If China Bans Bitcoin Mining?
US troops leaving Syria will go to Iraq - Pentagon
Tell Me Who I am Documentary/Pedophilia ring
Every day governments and corporations trick people into thinking a certain way. What is a belief you've held that you later realized you were manipulated or propagandized into thinking was accurate?
We Lost Epstein, Just Accept it.
Can someone explain to me why "grey aliens" are reported by US citizens in 99 % of cases and almost never ever mentioned by any other country of the world?
Some interesting flat earth stuff I found
Assange fights back tears says and says ‘I can’t think properly’ as he appears in court
Just a little post-GDPR demonstration you may find interesting or at the very least silly in a fine-just-have-a-cookie-if-you-need-so-badly sort of way: 2kliksphilip VS Data Stealers
[META]"Toe The Line Or Be Destroyed": Tulsi Gabbard Dismantles Establishment 'Hit-Job' In Viral Video. Gee, Gabbi, is it starting to make sense now why the public doesn't want to be disarmed?
Prison=slavery
Hillary Clinton slanders Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard, Green Party candidate Jill Stein as Russian spies — Clinton’s claims, made without the slightest factual substantiation, are an attempt to criminalize the anti-war statements of the two candidates as treasonous.
Good thing to know where the campaign funding goes to.
What do you think of the idea that we have leaders that doesn't want us to improve as a human race? George Carlin was a great man! What do you think of the message? That we are owned by world leaders that made the school system to kill creativity, logical and critical thinking..
Who and why
Don’t forget about the madam
After Dave Chapelle came back; a serious inquiry
List of current protests: According to Wikipedia
RFK Jr's mic gets cut off in Harlem chuch when he starts talking about vaccines. They want to silence the truth.
Protesters killed
Are shows like "Stranger Things" conditioning the masses to be pedophiles?
Californication by The Red Hot Chilli Peppers, an analysis.
Popular theory about the film The Master Of Disguise
Living amongst the stars?
CNN Fake Newscast Best Quality
UK - The NHS is being privatized by stealth, this video is essential viewing for Brits, Dr Lucy Reynolds exposes the truth that's being kept from the British people.
Probably too late
Full text of "Jerome-Daly-The-Mahoney-Credit-River-Decision.pdf (PDFy mirror)"
The Seattle school district is planning to infuse all K-12 math classes with ethnic-studies questions that encourage students to explore how math has been "appropriated" by Western culture and used in systems of power and oppression
Conspiracy of pharmaceutical industry on medication prices - The US is subsidizing the rest of the world's medical care!
Prince Andrew &amp; Epstein Orgy - Court Documents
Amazon, which provides computing services to the CIA, will soon be running the code for U.S. elections
WSJ: Doctors Are Removing Organs From Donors Who Are Still Alive
Theory/Speculation About The Recent Hillary/Tulsi Drama And The Role Of Populist Candidates
Interesting facts on gun control
UK - NHS England chief Simon Stevens is the hitman put there to destroy it, he is a privatization expert and a former health insurance executive, let's take a look at his CV. The English people will soon be moving over to the American insurance system.
Guy exposed Illuminati in front of congress? YouTube video
Israel is now set to strike Iran
New Information On 9/11's Todd Beamer...
checkout the subreddit Jesuitworldorder to find out who controls the world
Open Eyes is Upon Us
Open Eyes 👀
From JFK, Apollo, 9/11 To Flat Earth: How TV Fakes Images, Fools the World &amp; Creates a False Reality
A Jesuit Eusebio Kino S.J. is the founder of modern cattle farming, he now has a statue in Washington!
HOW THE NEWS MEDIA CREATES FAKE NEWS
Jimmy Kimmel is a gatekeeper
Did you notice that on both Bill Bur's and Chappele's specials, that premiered almost at the same time, they joked about pedophilia?
If everyone collectively agrees that work sucks and rich people are the ones controlling everything and everyone else has to slave to barely make ends meet, why don’t more people revolt?
Water Cannon on Mosque vs 62 killed in Mosque Explosion - Something doesn't add up here
Apple Sleep Therapy
Does anyone here happen to be a moderator of a subreddit, and is deeply familiar with what moderators can do, and cannot do? (Greta Thunberg)
We hit 1,000,000 Conspiracy Theorists!!!!!!
Did the holocaust happen?
UFOs are ocean based
Can anyone source evidence that the holocaust didnt happen?
To celebrate 1,000,000 subscribers: tuna bonds! What the hell is happening in Mozambique?
Congratulations on one million members !
Hillary Attacks "Conspiracy Theorists"
/r/conspiracy Hits 1 Million!!
Why won't my mom bring me a bowl of cereal?
We did it boys.
Happy 1,000,000!
University dumps professor who found polar bears thriving despite climate change
5 Real UFO Sightings Caught on Camera
9 11 Mysteries - Most convincing 9/11 documentary out there
DJ charged with 700 counts of sex trafficking
What do you have about Denmark?
DJ charged with 700 counts of human sex trafficking
Retired General Paul E. Vallely admits QAnon is real in interview
So apparently am the only one who noticed this at Airport tonight as our flight was about to take off,. These orange UFO looking things were floating there for about 45 minutes.
An interesting insight
Conspiracy Theory
~HAARP~ Warfare Wisconsin
hyperinflation in the USA
Amazon Becoming Largest Military Contractor In U.S.
A search on protestors killed
My friend has random videos of people on his phone
"So many events in our lifetime that we remember were terrible, Kennedy's assasination, Pearl Harbor, 9/11, of course, and that was one that people say they remember where they were and it just brings them a lot of joy"
Hosting a talk on 5G and your health in San Francisco Nov 7th
How sunscreen companies and the International Space Station profit off of global warming
The Guardian vs reality
Congress has 11% approval, but ... 97% of the crooked politicians get re-elected 😀 Cleverly rigged democracy
I couldn’t find this sub in my feed and I check this sub every time I’m on reddit.
MOLON LABE - How the Second Amendment Guarantees a Free State
Neil deGrasse Tyson reacts to reports of asteroids barreling toward Earth......&amp; shills for cash. I don’t even think **he** believes the lies pouring from his own mouth.
Congresswoman at al-Qaeda training camp in Somalia? Anyone know anything about this pic?
This is anti-war candidate Tulsi Gabbard. Why can’t this woman seem to make up her mind?
There is no proof that Trump won the electoral college
I made a petition for YouTube to fix their government removal message, they need to stop hiding the censorship.
MOLON LABE - How the Second Amendment Guarantees a Free State
Quick test. I’m curious whether the recommendations for subs I might be interested in if I follow conspiracy are an accurate representation of this subs interests or if this is being curated for me.
Alex Jones is Bill Hicks. This is why Alex Jones mocks and discredits the legitimate flat Earth movement. Alex Jones is a shill.
Canadian Flight Centre (I am located in Vancouver, Canada) posted this eerily creepy YouTube ad for themselves. In my eyes, it represents mind control (being mk ultra), and the government spying in on everything you do.
1 MILLION (with a message)
Today's society is demonizing men roles in a family.
Mysterious anomalies in the Milky Way
What do we do?
Heroes and Villains: Investigative journalists and activists who reported the truth became “conspiracy theorists,” erased from the internet by YouTube, Google and Facebook, defamed by the Wikipedia smear factory and then joined, overwhelmed, by hundreds of fake pundits and paid disinformationists.
Johnboy McCracken: MK Ultra Marine Interview 911 ~ Communique 1
LSD was created by the CIA to mind control
Tragedy and Hope - Jay Dyer - youtube synopsis playlist
Children saved from underground Bases in California
Super interesting video
LSD was created by the CIA for mind control
Seeking Young Earth info
EPSTEIN WAS Q
SciManDan - The globe shill for retarded persons.
Is this normal?
Why hasn't the US government *removed* Donald Trump yet?
MARTIAL LAW BREAKS OUT WORLDWIDE: CHILE LEBANON HONG KONG SPAIN
Haha yes
Did Joe Biden Only Run To Save His Ass From Scandal &amp; Start Peach Mints?
Baby Food contaminated with Heavy Metals
"Why is the ocean so important to us, other than the fact that under there lie billions of dollars of assets, and the fish?" - Jizzlane Maxwell &amp; If you're wondering if this woman is a psychopath capable of doing what Epstein is accused of, there is your answer.
Has anyone else hear HRCs name in the news more than ever? How we feeling about it?
GulfTainer shipped missiles through leased ports to parts unknown INSIDE THE US.
Cultural Marxism and the Decline of the West
Emoji racism?
My phone was making a sound like someone holding down a microphone button.
Pass it on
Hacker Using Nest Camera Threatened to Kidnap Baby -- Father Learns This Happens Frequently
Hello, I've read about Kiki, the DEA agent who was tortured and murdered by the cartels. I provided below an article where two feds and a supposed ex CIA contractor say the CIA assisted in his death. Why? Why would they need to get money from the drug trade vs the US government?
Hacker Using Nest Camera Threatened to Kidnap Baby — Father Learns This Happens Frequently
Conspiracy theorists are immune to deep state mind control because they take recreational drugs and/or have mental disabilities
Conspiracy theorists are immune to deep state mind control because they take recreational drugs and/or have mental disabilities
The ruling elite don't want you to remember how powerful you really are, how powerful your thoughts and feelings are, or how much you can help create peace on Earth
Unusually Large Amount of Simultaneous Civil Unrest Around the World?
Some conspiracies are real but most eventually are exposed
Is dr. doofenshmirtz phineas?
Website For Trumps Escort Agency
Alternative Media?
Rusty Shackleford
I thought he hung himself? 🤔
Five Star Trust - Marion Horn - War castles
If you think your vote was counted in 2016, do you also think it was counted earlier? If not, what was different about 2016?
Truth of Chile! Dictatorship
Durham’s Trail Leading to Senate Select Committee on Intelligence – Ali Watkins Never Slept With James Wolfe – It Was a Cover Story….
Graph of Jeffrey Epstein's connections
Chinese censorship and corruption is a global threat
Hillary Clinton Claims Tulsi Gabbard &amp; Jill Stein are Russian Assets
Proof of Ancient High Technology at the Serapeum of Saqqara, Egypt. Chapter 1!
Website
hey so i found this weird ass account talking cryptically and idk if i should investigate.
"Jim Fetzer's Stalinist-Style Show Trial" by Kevin Barrett.
Massive revolutions are taking place around the world at this moment
9-11 Psy Opera condensed to 3 hours
TULSI GABBARD WORKS FOR HILLARY CLINTON 🤓
Max Blumenthal on why Hillary Clinton smeared Tulsi Gabbard and Jill Stein
Just saw this in popular. What is really going on in Chile right now? Anybody know?
Government and reincarnation
Facts
Hear me out, this might be controversial, but what's up with the MASSIVE amounts of anti-china posts making it to the front page without any trouble?
University of Toronto Donation Scandal
Newcastle alien
Theory Post #1
This is no way not true
possible false flag attack in Seattle on November 3, 2019 - let's ask the swarm
Are we being primed for the psychedelic renaissance?
Mick Mulvaney Melts Down Under Brutal Grilling By Fox's Chris Wallace - Wallace repeatedly threw Mulvaney’s own remarks back in his face by playing clips from last week’s press briefing and at one point declared, “you said what you said.”
The Annexation of Crimea: What You Didn't Hear
[Meta] I just want to thank the rest of the mods for overturning my ban after /u/JamesColePardon banned and muted me for trying to expose warmongerer Rudy "9/11" Giuliani
Kurdish-led forces say they have pulled out of Syria border town-Syrian and Russian forces, invited by Kurdish authorities, last week entered two border cities of Manbij and Kobani that had been vacated by U.S. troops.
PSA: the vast majority of political memes and screen shots you see on the internet are bullshit. Stop passing them around unless you’ve actually verified the information.
If We Have to Choose Between Compromise and Genocide, We Will Choose Our People-The Kurds’ commander in chief explains why his forces are finally ready to partner with Assad and Putin
Nimitz
Reminder: You, yes you, are being targeted with lies, misinformation, propaganda and state-sponsored manipulation every day
Climate Protesters ADMIT Plan to Destroy the West
Is the Head of the Great Sphinx too small (a recarving)? Which size should the original head have been? Answer with 1-4.
Oops! There goes the narrative of "Syrian Civil War" -- US envoy McGurk explains how "40,000 jihadist fighters went to Syria to fight Assad." What transpired was a PROXY WAR that was waged ON Syria. In this clip, McGurk blames only Turkey, but 10+ countries conspired in this illegal proxy war
Hiding in plain sight?
The internet we have now has turned to garbage. Is there an alternative?
How you, individually, can make an immediate difference in this police state.
Syria is not our country and U.S. troops were never authorized by its sovereign government to be there.
Why does the government continue the war on drugs when compassionate treatment methods are proven to be more effective?
It’s Flu Szn
Top 10 “Best” Pedo-Harvesting Foster Care System States Countdown: #3 California... What is the Creepiest?
Episode 107:Igor Kolomoisky And The Trump/Biden Ukraine Scandal. {Israel funding Nazis, Politicians controlling Nazi war brigades, Jewish billionaires funding Nazis,} They fund the Azov Battalion. Austerity measures bringing back the rise of fascism across Europe and the world. ( Podcast)
Trump's conspiracy to award the hosting of the next G7 to his failing Doral Resort in Miami, is overturned. Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington: "President Trump’s decision to award the G7 conference to his own property was outrageous, corrupt and a constitutional violation."
This is no way not true
You know how they say they put stuff in things
Four Kinds of Dystopia: Orwellian, Huxleyan, Kafkaesque and Phildickian. Ours? All four.
Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket' &amp; the JFK assassination
CFR - Council on Foreign Relations was designed from the start to transfer all wealth to Communist China. Look at how they talked about the NBA with respect to China. Just browse through the entire cfr site! it is ridiculous
A popular post on here claims a color corrected video of Turmp is "fake news doctoring footage." While I disagree with that post, I want to share an interesting piece on how 60 Minutes once actually did use color correcting/grading to manipulate the viewers reaction to a Steve Bannon interview
What happens to your organs when you die? - Dead or Alive, YOU ARE A FARM ANIMAL! And you will be harvested, One way or another!
Proof we solved the climate change issue.
How Coca-Cola Undermines Plastic Recycling Efforts
Trump Song Parody Blasts the President’s Many Misdeeds | NowThis
Miles Mathis on The Battle of France - pdf warning.
The HRC vs TG summed up
Why is Hillary Clinton going after Tulsi Gabbard?
Many proposals of boycotting products from countries or companies. How about boycotting products from specific cartels.
The one Democrat going against the “script” is now being trolled by Killery and MSM being called a...drum roll please.... “Russian agent and Assad Sympathizer”.... well at least she knows how Trump has probably felt for the last three years. #BeamMeUp
Media manipulation is real WAKE UP
US Air Force debunking Roswell UFO Crash
‘Russians will have a fight on their hands!’ Alaska governor vows to thwart ‘independence referendum annexation’ in prank call
#freehongkong
Is This Photo Real? 2100 Caged Children Rescued by Navy Seals from DeepState Underground Bases in California During Power Out - Shocking Photos!
9 11 The Great American Psy Opera - Complete
Are there any videos where musicians explain the reality of the music industry?
Journalists Are PANICKING After Democrats Pass Law Effectively ENDING Freelance Journalism
Council on Foreign Relations was designed from the start to transfer all wealth to Communist China. Look at how they talked about the NBA with respect to China
The Apron (Masonic) by By Bro. H. A. Kingsbury
The Truth about 6IX9INE
The Scofield Bible a Zionist forgery with Oxford origins that has created millions of warlike, Judeo-Christian Zionist useful idiots
Has Anyone Ever Fucked a Reptilian and If So What Do The Genitals Look Like?
Huh
How to escape the failing banking system that is enslaving us all...
I just found this video, it claims to know how all these UFOs work by using Electromagnetic Field Frequency Modulation because the Universe is made out of Electricity... All I know is that we now have mainstream media saying that they are real, we probably aren't alone! Only 6 minutes and maybe true
NewEarth - Ancient Fortress Of Giants~Syria~
What THEY will not tell the general public about immigration and diversity.
DNC/Hillary find out Democrats are attending Trump Dallas and Minneapolis rallies in huge numbers. Alarmed, Hillary attacks/creates Tulsi Gabbard as Dem's own hero maverick candidate to try stop Dem defections to Trump.
Russian Government Initiative Gave Millions to Clinton Foundation
Arizona Politician Charged in Human Trafficking Adoption Scheme
Largest takedown (8 tb, 250k videos) of a child porn server ever, DOJ traced Bitcoin transactions to arrest users in US and 11 other nations
Please Sir
NASA Goofs Again! Accidentally films bumble bee flying outside ISS 🐝
Why the 'crypto-establishment Warren' theory is actually a good sign if it's true
The new bread of "pro govt" conspiracy theorists is very strange
The Truth About Tuskegee
US Army signs contract to study UFO material and make better weapons
Animal mutilations are actually intended to check for ground/air/soil contaminants/radiation
"MediaBiasFactCheck.com" Smears WikiLeaks- Supports Western Propaganda Machine
The Trudeau Liberals plan to REGULATE and CENSOR your social media if reelected.
The problem with the elite is secret societies, not “occultism”
#freehongkong
Stopping The Next Holocaust - The Eternal American War
Internet Porn conspiracy
The Dems Are Trying to Defend Elijah Cummings Forged Signatures
What are some unsolved or mysterious cases which could be solved by lost media?
China is using an underground tunnel to send mainland forces into Hong Kong
Satanic kabbalah rabbi michael laitman calls for the destruction of western civilization
China didn’t invest in reddit to censor us, but to build a list of who’s organs to harvest first....
Steve Jobs, Cancer and Alternative Medicine.
Why does the Left want our guns?
Did that thread on Katie Daniels get deleted?
Master Chef Jr S1 Episode1 9:08 Epstein connection?
Investigative article highlighting Scientology’s real estate expansion in Clearwater, FL in the past couple years.
This video really shows how volatile jet fuel can be when stored in massive quantities.
The entire government is corrupt and the election is rigged by the primaries.
YouTube adjusted my watched progress of a video I didn’t watch more than 3 seconds of. Full explanation in comments.
Bill gates's employee was sentenced for watching child porn and now we know he knew Jeffrey epstein ( first he denied knowing uncle Jeffrey, now after photo. He accepts). Is this a coincidence? Is gates into it?
Bill gates's employee was sentenced for possession of child porn and now we know Bill gates was related to Epstein. Is it a coincidence?
Somebody tell the front page of reddit this.
What Happen to Trump Impeachment Now?
Why We Cannot Solve The Climate Crisis
1444 Video of youtube (gore)(nsfw)
A really nice, succint video on Disney's potential plans on phasing cinemas pretty much out of existance
Were the Hong Kong protests started by the CIA
Facebook’s Process to Label You a ‘Hate Agent’ Revealed
Call of Duty: Black Ops
Definition of Illuminati from 1874 American Encyclopedia
5G was a mistake.
People know George Orwell, but many don’t know his peer, Aldous Huxley, who also had deep insights into the elites’ plans and predicted many things about the future accurately
The Illuminati Tried to Recruit me: hilarious post
Is this the deepstate?
'Paul is Dead' Conspiracy [Part 2]
Wasn’t sure where to post this BUT
Anybody have a good plasma donation conspiracy?
Truthstream Media - The Future of Fake News in the Digital Matrix
What “truths” was Patton going to tell that the globalists has him killed a day before he returned home?
Jordan Peterson is a controlled opposition agent/shill, who's primary purpose is to neutralize the "far right", by demonizing white nationalism
Hillary reads Democrats attending Trump Dallas and Minneapolis rallies in droves. Hillary attacks/creates Tulsi Gabbard as Dem's own hero maverick to try stop Dem defections to Trump.
"Why yes fellow human! I as a human, ALSO agree with you!"
5G Testing in Downtown LA?
Longevity
The New York Times Best Seller list is selectively editorialized or whatever. Propaganda or social programming.
Why is porn free?
Right vs Left; Maybe we got it all wrong?
2W
The Real Deep State Tools: Blowing The Lid Off The Atlantic Council's War And Propaganda Deception
Nancy Pelosi Hates North America, USMCA Trade Agreement is going nowhere on purpose
Mifsud's Cellphones Mean Barr Investigation Heating Up
Terrorists 'helped by CIA' to stop rise of left in Italy
The American Civil War II - The Soft Cold Rational Endless War
Aaron Russo talking about New World Order Ultimate Goal of the RFID Human Implanted Chip - 2005
Society wants no love
the Truth About the Occult
Should we be hung up over 5G mega masts? As hundreds of 65ft mobile towers are set to transform internet speeds, residents in towns such as Totnes in the UK are fighting back
Kalergi plan and the hidden interests behind mass immigration
Corruption Of The Satellite Record [Global Warming]
To say we live in 2019 is absurd. But to think we were the first sophisticated society is just wrong. But why lie about our timeline?
Society wants no love
Death Ritual in Hong Kong: October 20
If Trump plays golf every weekend in Florida why would he need to spray tan?
Satanic kabbalah rabbi michael laitman calls for the destruction of western civilization
Wow.. that’s deep
Is The New World Order A Jewish Conspiracy? No, It’s A Satanic Conspiracy
Christopher Bollyn: The Man Who Solved 9/11
Did so many people really die in the early days of football?
This came up when I opened my camera roll to post a photo to Instagram. I only saw it when I swiped my notification bar down. I didn’t open my camera, just my photo album. Maybe this is why I get extremely targeted, specific ads.
Mackelmore is really Michael Moore in a fat suit
The Jerusalem Conspiracy
9/11 Was an Israeli Job, by Laurent GuyÃ©not
Epstein - Dateline NBC special taken down?!?
r/conspiracy to break 1,000,000 subscribers.
Face-app 2.0? New app 'Gradient' has similar functions to Faceapp yet people are not concerned about privacy, again.
An interesting man
Difference between Illuminati and Freemasons
More on living in the simulation
Epstein an agent for the Illuminati? Does the Illuminati even exist?
Unnatural selection, what is seriously going on?
Queen Victoria and the drugs trade
Epstein 'had 13 different phone numbers to keep in touch with Prince Andrew'
Y'all notice how /r/overwatch is consistently on the top of All again?
Leonardo Da Vinci and his micro-brushes
Zionism vs Bolshevism by Winston Churchill
Donald Trump recule, il n'organisera pas le prochain G7 dans sa propriété
Why the fuck is John Podesta still walking free to this day?
YoungBoy NBA Said He signed a Bloody Deal for Fame and Money
Better the World
Need more information on suicide murder in Utah.
Uhm.... ok??
State Department Cable calls engineering "suicides" of witnesses a rational course of action
Edgar Cayce's Prophesies Of (Earth Changes)
Uhm... ok?? Thoughts?
"Our entire country is about to be over if we don’t stop immigration."
China's Generation ZEN - The Blackest Pill of All
The influence of general AI on us today
The next “freedom and democracy “target is....
Scientific Article about the role of the CFR, the Trilataral Comission and the Bilderberg Meetings in U.S Media
EMF and autism
Uhh
Recent uptick in posts claiming that republicans and democrats are the same
Special Report: Sensitive But Unclassified/For Official Use Only! EXPUNGED(Removed) Child Abused Cases - Child Audit Report 2016 in Pennsylvania
Reptilians - Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom
Diversion tactic?
We're in a surveillance society George Orwell warned us about and we're still falling for data harvesting ruses like this
Felt like this belongs here
Not a signal. Not at all.
Seemed interesting
Uh-oh. Photograph shows naked California Democratic congresswoman brushing hair of female campaign worker. Government transparency goes to next level. | Washington Examiner
Schools no longer teach cursive is this due to the fact the Constitution is written in cursive therefore if no one can read no one knows nor can prove their rights?
Halle - Yom Kippur False Flag Hoax
The Day Israel Attacked America | Special Series
The other 70+ times Mark Hamill subtly bashed last jedi/disney, (and more)
The Army and a UFO Group Are Investigating...Something [Popular Mechanics]
'HALLE - YOM KIPPUR FALSE FLAG HOAX'
Doctored Fake News
Why has /r/conspiracy become so political?
This post goes out to u/axolotl_peyotl Im going to give you the benefit of the doubt that you arent that bad of a guy, but listen man u cant be going around reposting CORRUPT ARCHIVES on r/conspiracy. Who knows how many computers that you have now inadvertently destroyed. Possibly yours too.
Post about the NFL being run by the mob
"I Stand Against Everything She Represents" - Gabbard Hammers Tired, Sick, Fragile Hillary
Alexa just played back a recording of me talking !?
When other people were “little girls” they were on a plane with your husband.
The pedophile agenda, and the continuation of the sexualization of children to desensitize and normalize it.
Was the Vegas Attack Perpetrated by Helicopters?
Dark Web CP Site Shut Down. Dozens Arrested
Can everyone see the links in this post? Cause someone on Reddit has blocked these links from public view twice in a thread titled “Cameras be like” which mocks UFO information. I feel like someone out there didn’t want this information readily available outside this sub maybe?
9/11 was an inside job...just ask Rick and Morty.
I remember!
Boy Lover Symbol in "Her" Movie
How Google manipulates public opinions. Example below: Search results for Hong Kong versus Barcelona. Massive protests by pro-independence Catalan movement in Barcelona is blocked out.
"Bill, it was just, you know, a taking over of democracy by a totalitarian government. Let it go!" - Bill Hicks on the JFK assassination
911 predicted decades in advance.
Porn is Black Magic
NATO plans to declare space a war zone in December this year. This will allow them to use intense microwave radiation and other new tech to destroy satellites and near-earth targets. It will allow them also to deploy space-to-earth weapons.
Area 51
Ruh Roh
This Is The Final Nail For Hillary Clinton's Political Career! Tulsi Gabbard Moves On Up!
This Is The Final Nail For Hillary Clinton For Hillary Clinton's Political Career. Tulsi Gabbard Moves On Up!
America’s Second Civil War
What Really Happened at Storm Area 51? | Aliens, UFOs, Cults, Scandals, and Bob Lazar. Was it a success or failure? And was there a conspiracy to silence organizer Connie West and speakers like Bob Lazar?
This Is The Final Nail For Hillary Clinton's Political Career While Tulsi Gabbard Moves On Up! We Are Witnessing History In The Making.
What is more damaging to our society, for-profit Healthcare, for-profit War, or for-profit Government?
Close to 70% of the metro stations has been burnt. Santiago, Chile. 19-10-2019.
Current Worldwide Protests - Suspicious or Genuine?
Is It really so crazy to think Russia would try to influence American politics?
I'm not buying this Tulsi gabbard spin... She calls it out at the debate and 3 days later it's all the msm has to say about her (claiming she's a Russian asset)
They just cut Robert F Kennedy's mic in front of 600 people for talking about vaxxines
Pedophile dynasties--explaining the familial cycle of abuse and sociopathy.
According to Missing 411, Yosemite National Park is the world's largest hot spot for missing persons cases... Why does Apple consistently use photos and names from that park? Is this a coincidence?
Convoy of Trucks Seen Emptying Obama-Linked Former Ukrainian Pres Poroschenko's Palace, Confidants Arrested &amp; Flee
How inter-frame compression might explain the 'Déjà Vu'
Oregon Daily Journal #49 — Steemit
Is wearing headphones actually bad for us?
"Convoy of Trucks Seen Emptying Obama-Linked Former Ukrainian Pres Poroschenko's Palace, Confidants Arrested &amp; Flee"
Starting to think that Reddit forums are being shaped by a heavy use of sock puppets.
The British media go on and on how terrible the Chinese (Hong kong) and Saudi government (Jamal kashoggeeh) are yet they give zero fucks that the British government are slowly killing Jullian Assange.
Patent for a technique that allows humans to pass through solid objects. Think any governments possess working versions of this?
HAARP, weather modification etc
Newly Obtained Documents | C-Foundation Docs.
How Justice Thomas can bankrupt the MSM with a single SCOTUS case in 2020. Since 1964, reporters can make up fake news about a public figure with virtually no risk of being sued for defamation. This thread explores how Justice Thomas will solve this problem for America.
Help! Local Police Conspiracy Where is the photo from the article on Reddit?
Rush limbaugh , is he actually jim morrison?
[meta] Did I just stumble into .../r/politics? .../r/medicine? ... /r/banking? .../r/USA? .../r/whitepower? The earth is flat! Where are the alien posts?
Straight to the point
Chile's protest, Building on fire is used as a excuse to declare emergency state, the building is owned by the cousin of the Chilean President Sebastian Piñera
Why are most of the pages on the New York Fed website down?
Yes you are living in a simulation that is powered by lasers and law of holographs
Yes. We CAN reverse Alzheimer's symptoms --- "The End of Alzheimers" by Dr. Dale Bredesen (2017)
CIVIL WAR 2 in America - WHO WOULD WIN? In-Depth Analysis
Talking about politics, conspiracies, dimensional travel and demonic possession
Secret Society candy featuring a triangle window with creepy men in robes. Found at dollarama. Things that make you go hmmm.
Orwell: Neocon Icon
Remember Epstein?
Seattle? Seattle.
Roddy Pipper to the rescue
The Sumerian Origins Of Propaganda
Cola
Talking about politics, conspiracies, dimensional travel and demonic possession
Orwell: Neocon Icon
Dr. Phil and Oprah are Fake and Hire Paid Actors - My Theory Is That These People Are The Same
Are You Believing A Lie?
TALKING ABOUT POLITICS, CONSPIRACIES, AND DEMONIC POSSESSION
CCP demolished his home and Buried him alive! My heart is broken by seeing this! Hard to believe this could happen in the 21st century worse than nazi — this will start happening in the US if we don’t conform to white liberalism. Just look how they treated ppl at the Trump rally in Minneapolis.
Did anyone notice this if you live in Hong Kong?
There's red pills, there's Alex Jones, and then... there's Jason Rice
Blizzard Upvoting Bots?
Just a reminder that theirs an accurate website to check media bias
9/11 War Games
The real reason Turkey is invading Syria: Phosphorus
Adam Shifty Schiff involved in illegal sodomite drug den EXPOSED
As a Finn, this gives me a little anxiety
LIVE - Watching UFO documentary with 60+ Viewers
LIVE - UFO Conspiracy with 60 viewers Actively Debunking
Study shows frequency of school shootings in the US drop dramatically during the summer months; Coincidence or example of Deep State manufacturing false flag crisis?
Techniques to Detect Astroturfing?
Gitmo is prepped. Treason will be the charge.
Sidney Powell Retweeted. Now you’ve uncovered the CIA connections in the entrapment of Gen. Flynn and Papa D. ...Hakluyt does the dirty jobs that MI5, MI6, GCHQ are not allowed to do. Mifsud phones had a British SIM
Just a reminder that theirs an accurate website to check media bias
War against pirates
[meta] petition to have /u/JamesColesPardon removed as a MOD from /r/conspiracy.
The US is a one-party State with two fake options
Bashing Tulsi for being on the CFR? Get real!
What if it turns out that the 'somebody' making a shitload of money in the markets by timing their buys &amp; sells with Trump's tweets is Trump himself? Somebody is making money in a way that's only possible with the kind of insider information that only people who can predict the future possibly can.
What I’m going to reveal to you is true and real, to the best of my knowledge.
AG Barr expands mysterious review into origin of Russia investigation. U.S. Attorney John Durham has expressed his intent to interview a number of current and former intelligence officials, including ex-CIA Director John Brennan
New Tulsi Gabbard Conspiracy Theory Pushed by Media
Gold and Aliens
AI gone rouge torturing people with Voice to skull tech
So according to the Irish government all men are rapists (white man) Makes me sick.
Democrats have abused the Subpoena power
Operation false flag
Ain't Nobody's Business if You Do 1/?
Tulsi Gabbard is not a plant.
Dude explains the truth behind our banking system
You won't understand anything currently going on if you don't understand the long running, admitted to, conspiracy to create a one world government ruled over by the bankers and oligarchs.
How to stop fake news
Armageddon
Tulsi Gabbard on Twitter: The Most Important Job As President
Tulsi Gabbard was in a fundamentalist, creepy cult growing up
Protests around the world: violent clashes hit Chile, Hong Kong, Lebanon and Barcelona
What is a Pill?
Are the mattress firm conspiracies correct?
The Most Basic Conspiracy Truth In The World: The Negative Brainwashing Of The People Of Planet Earth
Cui Bono?...well, the Queen for one...
We are focusing on the wrong conspiracies
PULL IT
What conspiracy or strange story from your home town did you hear growing up? Did it end up being confirmed eventually?
What is a Targeted Individual in my own words.
Epstein will be forgotten just like the missing 2.3 trillion before the September to remember
Is This A Secret Military Base In The Antarctic?
The Bible Violates The Community Guidelines For YouTube's Hate Speech Subsection (Specifically Leviticus 20:13) How long before it is banned? What will the fallout be?
Satanic Ritual Abuse Survivor Gives Full Detailed Testimony
People outside UK what do you think about the theatrical display of the parliament debate with all the members trained to make guttural sounds each time some key point happens? Do you think this keeps viewers entertained?
su Putin says to Melania .....
Tulsi Is A Plant
Why isnt it mandatory you have to at minimum have a 1-2 month old account to post here ?
Media: "The Sandy Hook kids are too graphic to show on TV!". Also the Media: "Ewww chemical weapons on kids, time to go to war!"
[META] To combat shills and guarantee fairness, check the “New” and “Rising” sections of ANY large subreddit!
Complaint by state department official towards hunter biden in 2015 gets swept under rug. Downvote me to hell Biden apologists.
Downvote me to gell fuckers.
CFR/Membership/Tulsi Gabbard
Julian Assange Has Been Subjected To Torture &amp; Violations Of Due Process Rights – UN
Tulsi Posts
CNN Zucker's Wife and Madame Maxwell
Ezekiel saw a spaceship.
We have entered the dawn of WWIII
Muhammad forced people from their homes, forced POWs to convert, held captives for ransom, fucked preteens, claimed to talk to angels and even god himself, shoved his tongue in the mouth of small boys, and he executed a little Jewish granny called Zeynab. HE WAS NOT A PROPHET OF GOD.
Syrian War Propaganda Breakthrough: Tapestry of Terror - White Helmets Exposed As FSA Terrorists Linked With Al-Qaeda And ISIS
I am baffled that this is the type of person who sits on an *oversight* committee
Star Chef Who Once Worked for Jeffrey Epstein Opens Napa Valley Restaurant" “it’s a luxurious, masculine space, with aging steaks hanging in full view of guests and steak knives forged by the chef himself.”
NBC News promoting microchips in the hand
Adam Schiff wanted to get dirt from a foreign country (Ukraine) on Trump
Don't underestimate the value of Ceddit
Don't underestimate the value of Ceddit
US Army signs deal with UFO researchers to develop incredible new techno...
The Bible Clearly States the Earth is FLAT. Wake up to the TRUTH of the LORD. The NASA CULT of LIES must be stopped!
"We Live In A Society" meme is created &amp; spread to discredit actual social problems as a joke or "fake deep".
Did I stumble into r/politics?
Trees conspiracy theory
Joseph Smith had his own army, his own city, his own county, his own bank, his own money, his own scripture, his own religion, around 30 wives, met the President of the US twice, tried to assassinate a US Governor, was tarred and feathered, and escaped from jail 3 times.
Building fire in Chile. Looks a lot worse than WTC #7. Shouldn’t it have collapsed by now?
How CIA altered the ending of Orwell's 'Animal Farm' to project Communism as the sole tyrannic system
Is Anyone Here A Legitimate Tulsi Stan?
[META] The globalists' sockpuppets are now openly admitting that their goal is to repeal the Constitution.
"Rest in Peace: What happens to my body when I die?"
[META]I've identified the rot that Tulsi Gabbard says corrupted the Democratic Party. If you notice a pattern here, you're an antisemite.
Alien scared the tourists in the forest
Potential child abuse ring tied to bank execs, home camera and PC hacked
An interesting title.
Another lost city discovered, this time in Cambodia. We invest so much money in random bullshit, but we don't invest in researching our past. Even though this is only a little over a thousand years old, is there something in our past they don't want us to find out?
Foreign troops are often brought in to suppress local populations. In unrelated news: 71% of Silicon Valley is foreign born. Now you know why Big Tech censors us and has no respect for American values like freedom of speech. They're not even Americans, not on paper, not ideologically.
The Devil's Joke
Was Epstein ever actually Arrested?
META - Why do Congressmen Accept Massive Government Pensions
Alien scared the tourists in the forest
2012 effect? Loop? Hmm
Was William Blum's death last December even MENTIONED by any major media?
Investigation of Clinton emails ends, finding no 'deliberate mishandling'
As a Filipino, how can I pledge allegiance and support the Rothschilds and Israel's agenda?
The Truth About Humanity and Blockchain
A new study finds 95 percent of tested baby foods contain toxic chemicals that lower babies’ IQ, including arsenic and lead.
Missing 411 video. What is hunting human's in our National Parks and National Forests? David Paulides talks about a few cases and the bizarre circumstances surrounding them.
State department says that Hillary didn't deliberately mishandle her emails. This headline is coming out right as she's restarting her PR campaign, what are the chances?
State departmenr says that Hillary didn't deliberately mishandle her emails. This headline is coming out right as she's restarting her PR campaign, what are the chances?
Humans will die before they die
Why I think mass shootings are false flags.
Defiant Tulsi Gabbard says Hillary has 'the blood of thousands on her hands' and calls her the 'queen of warmongers'.
What is going on with Cummings and these "canned" comments of his stature?
Sealed Evil In a Can. A Conspiracy Theory
This Sub Needs Milton from time to time
We need more more Milton
ConspiracyFiles.Net is a community created exclusively for anyone with a genuine interest in talking about Conspiracy Theories. An alternative to Twitter for the Conspiracy minded.
Social Media for Conspiracy Theorists
GOT S8 was purposely ruined by the government.
Is Medicare for all a great idea if it reduces the profit motive driving pharmaceutics getting over proscribed to address environment produced chronic illness?
What did he done this time?
Biggest money laundering scheme in history uncovered in Ukraine
North Koreans collecting and fighting over human feces. Authoritarian governments pushing the boundaries of depravity.
The rain that comes down....
Meet Lawrence King - founder of Nebraska's Franklin Credit Union and principal figure in an inter-state child prostitution / pornography network
Everything u hear about politics is just pure bs. Don't fall into this left v right wing stuff. They r all just a part of the act distracting u from the truth.
'#Santiago look like a war zone as a national emergency is declared and the military has taken to the streets to quell protests.' [Pics]
Judge refuses to block the release of ‘The Laundromat’ on Netflix
David Icke | The Trigger: The Satanic Death Cult Behind 9/11 &amp; Why
DOD &amp; DNC martial law hostile takeover 2020..
SHOCKING Audio : Tulsi Gabbard's Spiritual Guru - Chris Butler
Is this the same person in both photos?
There is no doubt is was direct energy weapons heres the proof
A Quick Reminder Of What We Are Defending
So they're basically chemtrailing 24/7, what I mean is they spray, it expands forms mirror, eventually falls away. Respray and repeat.
What is up with how a lot of these CGI Hollywood characters in recent years have big eyes, small noses.. they're starting to resemble aliens. But big lips.. The Frozen movie chicks.. on and on. Why though, right.. To get used to fucking aliens?
Why do they still play micheal Jackson music on the radio and use his likeness and image?
Tulsi Gabbard Is Not Your Friend
Tulsi Gabbard Is Not Your Friend
CPC Paid Professional Grifter Warren Kinsella To Execute “Project Cactus” To Portray People’s Party SUPPORTERS As Racist ! ✝️
Hmmmm odd timing [2015] - Ukraine prosecutor Viktor Shokin 'targeted by sniper' (who Biden bribed $1B to get removed)
What conspiracy is this?
In Hollywood, do you really need to sign your name in blood for a Contract of Fame?
H A Goodman: "Clinton Launches Campaign for Presidency in 2020 by Alleging Tulsi Gabbard is a Russian Operative"
help?
My boy supports Trump. Latino by the way.
How to stop fake news
It's time to ask the question: How many people REALLY died on 9/11?
Probability of Paid Actors at Trump Rally in Phoenix
THIS IS NOT A DRILL I REPEAT THIS NOT A DRILL WHAT THE FUCK!
The end is near
Pablo Escobar was working with the CIA
The Left’s Message: We Will Replace You
Tulsi Gabbard dares "Cowardly" Hillary Clinton to run, calls her "the queen of warmongers, embodiment of corruption, and personification of the rot that has sickened the Democratic Party for so long.”
This is Rep. Katie Hill -- the Vice Chair of @OversightDems - naked - brushing the hair of her young staffer.
The Illuminati Indoctrination - Before it gets Memory Holed - does anyone know if this video is really the illuminati introduction video? It has been showing up on several of my daily source feeds and people are talking about it... I want to know if it is the real deal
Hypothetical: Hillary Clinton announcing her plan to run by Thanksgiving
Hillary Clinton suggests Russians are 'grooming' Tulsi Gabbard for third-party run
This is advertising disguised as a "victory for free speech."
Pittsburgh’s child welfare agency goes full Orwell
2A Rights This Election: Facts The Left Needs To Consider
Accusation on white phosphorus use in Syria.
Hillary picked a fight with Tulsi the same day the State Dept report on her illegal server came out
Mexican Cartel Rules City After A huge battle. They capture Chapo Guzman’s son, then release him in order to appease the cartel. This screams CIA. Your thoughts?
Mind control proof
Election 2019: Why PPC Is Only Choice For Liberty
Posted this Pod to r/TIL earlier this week and it was removed for violating a rule? No rule was violated...
13 Bloodlines
Shouldn’t these stories contain the phrase “without evidence”? as the so often do when it’s Trump making the accusation?
The world
ID, Wallet, Keys All In Your Hand: Sweden Moves Into The Future With Microchipping | Nightly News
Oh look, the fake ABC video failed, now we gotta show off kids with burn marks and cry CHEMICAL WEAPONS. Again. In Syria. Bonus points for actually showing the kids, which more or less goes against their "can't show mutilated kids" agenda
Kanye West comes out as a born again Christian, yet in various interviews, has claimed to be a God. And has even compared himself to the likes of Jesus. Is coming out with a Christian album, when quite blatently, you can see the false gospel &amp; money grab scheme.
The Fantastic Conspiracy Theories on Black Twitter
bdaycardfromMy family are so against conspiracy theories idk why, they all sleep asf tbh. i know its a joke but still whenever i bring up theories or anything they call me crazy and say ‘dont believe everything you read on the internet’ yet they believe everything they see on the news, in papers etc
The Great Replacement Is Not a Conspiracy
Pittsburgh’s child welfare agency goes full Orwell
How is Hillary Clinton a Hair Icon WTF
Which movie did you walk out of the theater on?
#CIA #aliceinwonderland #psyops The CIA did this
Can't post suggestion to RationalWiki because of proxy (that's fair), could one of you do it?
FBI Investigation Finds Dominican Republic Tourist Deaths Were Due to "Natural Causes"
Disney 666 Diapers
Did you know that Epstein transferred 500m USD of assets into a trust fund two days before his "suicide"?
State department concludes that Hillary broke the law with her private email server. We're about to find out if "nobody is above the law"
Why is it that most out of shape men are skinny and most out of shape women are overweight?
Why does MGM paying out $800 million to Vegas victims feel so odd, yet so fitting?
A Friend You Can Depend On
The CIA’s New Director Ran a Black Site for Torture; Gina Haspel, who was picked by Donald Trump himself. She also oversaw the Bush CIA's black site and directly participated in the horrific torture of detainees.
The US war on terror has cost at least $5 trillion and increased terrorism by 6,500%.
People should take some time to be alone.
An actual conspiracy: American Dad alludes to JRE podcast as divisive, polarizing new media 8 years before JRE first aired and at the time Joe Rogan was still on Fear Factor
Bayer sold a medicine tainted with HIV. Once it was discovered in the US, they continued to sell it overseas for over a year in order to clear stock.
Interesting uncut interview with Greta Thunberg
Simple test: Type "hitler" into the search option of Netflix. How many options before you get Trump?
Democrats Vote UNANIMOUSLY to Protect the Syrian Border — But ZERO VOTES to Protect US Border Two Weeks Ago. It's almost like they don't really care about the American people??
21 new pages of FBI files on Jeffrey Epstein dropped.
1984
"Great! Thank you @HillaryClinton . You, the queen of warmongers, embodiment of corruption, and personification of the rot that has sickened the Democratic Party for so long" -- Tulsi Gabbard
Assad Will Reclaim All of Syria, War With Israel &amp; Turkey is Possible
Selective Perception Puzzle Mystery: What do you see?
George Orwell’s last written words were, “At fifty, everyone has the face he deserves.” what was the meaning behind the cryptic last words of George Orwell?
Mossad kills Oracle co-CEO Mark Hurd to gain control of company through Mossad agent and co-CEO Safra Katz
NEW 11/3 Connection! | November 3rd 2019 ?? (You never know)
NEW 11/3 Connection! | November 3rd 2019 ?? (You never know)
Ep-stein...Wein-stein...Ein-stein?
Very, very, very weird email I just got today from "Angie's List" website (mass distribution email list). Everyone, please read + help if you can!
MSM Misinformation: Comparing the Wikipedia Page of the White Helmet Terrorists with the Actual Images From Their Own Facebook Accounts
Adrenochrome references in pop culture
11-Count Indictment Handed Down in Russian Bribery Case Involving Uranium One. Clinton, Obama, Mueller, Comey, McCabe, Rosenstein, Holder, Lynch Facing Criminal Prosecutio
Truth Is A Kremlin Talking Point - Notice how CNN and the Establishment Media Narrative Managers Deflect All Criticism Lately?
38 people cited for violations in Clinton email probe, with 588 violations found in total.
21k years. Thats a rather thick layer of ash to have been laid down by a simple volcano. Anyone know more about these things?
History of fiat currency.
Suddenly Reddit cares about Syria!
Forged signature from an Elijah cummings staffer? On a Subpoena for Rudy Giuliani
Tulsi Gabbard just taunted Hillary Clinton to enter the race instead of attacking her with a web of secret proxies in the media and political establishment.
Increase survival with Vitamin C! “Vitamin C should be given to the patient while the doctors ponder the diagnosis.” -Dr Frederick Klenner, cured all 60 of his polio cases in 1948 epidemic
Max Clifford, a UK publicist, brags on camera that he stopped a Clinton sex tape from seeing the light of day
The Father in Law of Elizabeth Warren died in 2007, but the Internet wants you to think he is still alive so you don't discover he was a Lunatic Eugenicist and Advocate for Deep State assisted Genocide
The Zimbabwe Ruwa UFO Incident
Indictments handed down In Uranium One Bribery case
Thinking about “the why”
11 count indictment handed down on birbary case involving Uramium One, clinton,obama,muller,mccabe,rosestein,holder,lynch Facing criminal prosecution
Average poster here
David Icke Responds To Jonathan Pie About Extinction Rebellion
Clinton implies Russia wants Gabbard as 3rd-party candidate
Sometimes it feels like that
Hong Kong - Totally not tanks !
Documentary - The Cancer Conspiracy
New Hampshire State Constitution. Always relevant.
the enemy of my enemy is my friend
What if Anti-Vax parents don’t vaccinate their kids because they can’t afford them financially?
Disney Skyliner PR DISASTER: 911 Calls Released!
So why are Russians backing Tulsi Gabbard?
David Icke Responds To Jonathan Pie About Extinction Rebellion
1984
The Clintons are a Russian Asset
David Icke Replies To Jonathan Pie About Extinction Rebellion
Does anyone suspect Aliens run the world and are in the process of making humanity think that it is self destroying itself and the climate it needs?
Lies about gulags in the USSR. Declassified documents show how the CIA and mainstream media vastly exaggerated about the conditions in Soviet Union prisons ...
No one has ever solved rubics cubes, they all memorize the moves and pretend they solved it
Closing in on 1,000,000 subscribers.
Anyone know what this is about?
The 11/3 football game attack will happen but not in seattle
Have anyone noticed news anchors have been leaving their corporate companies?
Sorry if repost
Inconvenient truth vs reassuring lies.
I want your opinion: When will the tides turn agains NIKE? Le Bron &amp; the NBA answer to NKE. NIKE answers to China. Le Bron and the NBA are now under attack for supporting China. When will people see NIKE is the one protecting it’s 40 billion business?
If Trump is involved in child sex trafficking with Epstein why haven’t they used that to impeach him?
Singapore passes fake news legislation threatens fines of $43,000 and up to 10 years in jail for anything that is disruptive to the “tranquility of the nation”, and to that of its friendly allies
Beirut right now, the people have had enough.
Omg I am shook
Mods don’t let this sub turn to shit
Tom Delonge's UFO Group just partnered with the US Army: "Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) with the U.S. Army Combat Capabilities Development Command to advance TTSA’s materiel and technology innovations in order to develop enhanced capabilities for Army ground vehicles.
When I diss Trump in abandon porn I get praised, when I mention Dems I get banned. My comment didn't violate any of the side bar rules.
It is obvious why JFK's presidency ended
[Abuse ad] YouTube now has Chinese propaganda against the Hong Kong protests playing as ads.
Has anyone considered that Trump is part of the machinery?
Amelia Earhart - Jimmy Akin's Mysterious World
Andrew Yang AMA instantly shot to the top of r/all
Scientology
There are actual people working against the regime change coup.
Two huge K-pop stars, Jonghyun of SHINEE and Sulli of f(x), "committed suicide" exactly 666 days between each other's death. They both were managed by SM Entertainment. Right when these two died two previously obscure K-pop groups "coincidentally" became international superstars, BTS and SuperM.
Russia 2.0..and 3.0?
Lawsuit Outs Fox News Ellen Ratner as Source for Seth Rich Intel
The Laundromat | Official Trailer | Netflix. THOUGHTS?
(October 2, 2019) The Scariest Part of the Trump-Ukraine Scandal? He Really Believes His Own Conspiracy Theories.
Ice with radioactive chlorine from atomic bombs found in Antarctica
!!!!!!---Sibel Edmonds, Obama era whistleblower warns of major incoming "isis false flag" attacks---!!!!!
Hillary is reaching a new low with this one
Hillary Clinton Engages In Insane Conspiracy Theory On Tulsi Gabbard
Trying to smuggle tanks into Hongkong
Oh nothing to see here, just some normal trucks!
Right in our faces!!!!
Let's give them complete control of our healthcare system!!! What could go wrong?
How tabloids turned the pits who killed Tracy Garcia into “dachshunds”
Article about military modified Boeing 707 plummeted to the ground and blew apart 2k feet IN THE AIR. Many similarities to flight 93 scene description.
A Canadian Company Has "Created" An Incredible Invisibility Shield. Who else thinks that the military has been using this technology for decades?
Who here genuinely doesn't believe Mark Zuckerberg is a human?
'Dad stop the burning, I beg you': Horrifying footage reveals badly-burned Kurdish children in Syria amid claims Turkey is using banned weapons such as napalm and white phosphorus
The Government Is Testing Mass Surveillance on the Border Before Turning It on Americans: Almost every technology developed at the border in the last two decades now exists in local police departments
Scripted Reality: Over 100 Ridiculous Sexual Gender Related Terms Created in 7 Years And Backed By Government Law - Who Is Behind The Gender Divisiveness Agenda?
ShareBlue / DNC attacking this sub. Leave it in /r/politics. The great reddit conspiracy was when Reddit became trolled by CTR and then ShareBlue, met with DNC Leadership, enabled whitelisting of pro-DCN sources CNN / NYTimes, and changed Mods on /r/politics and /r/worldnews
Who else thinks the government is seeding the idea that extraterrestrials exist?
Elijah Cummings was signing subpoenas on his deathbed. But two of the signatures don't match
I posted fake news about Greta and her sister. I apologise. Some right-wing Trump supporter type was pretending the be Greta AND her younger less famous more autistic sister. The documentary I posted earlier today might not actually be a legit documentary.
The Epstein Files - Documentary Trailer
"lEtS gIvE tHeM cOnTrOl Of OuR eNtIrE hEaLtHcArE sYsTeM"
How to make a candle
Is Trump the perfect distraction?
[Meta] As the election cycle grows closer we can see one talking point being spammed relentlessly. "They are all the same, support the CIA, MSN, establishment's goal of regime change".
Over 350 faculty members have declared that they refuse to be intimidated by the Trump administration over Palestine
Don't let it get memory hole'd
Where is the celebration? The Syrian War has been concluded, a deal has been diplomatically negotiated with the Kurds, the Syrian government, the Russians, the Turks, and the US.
Webster's Definition
Dugin's Foundations of Geopolitics is the Script We're Following
How to make a candle
What if we were tricked about religion? (In a different way)
Not sure if a conspiracy, but this news report from a few days before white phosphorus reporting, shows a white phosphorus round going off. 2:55 in
Read this article about a women who escaped China, where they rape, torture, experiment, kill and wrongly imprison thousands of children to elders
Interesting times we are in.
Hundreds of thousands march to Barcelona. The protests come after 9 leaders recieved severe jail sentences for organizing a 2017 referendum for Catalonia independence from Spain. China state media is using Catalonia footage as an example of why "seperatism will not be tolerated."
Hundreds of thousands march to Barcelona. The protests come after 9 people got jail sentences for organizing a 2017 referendum for Catalonia independence from Spain. China state media is using Catalonia footage as an example of why "seperatism will not be tolerated."
The Silver Cord By Mrs. Verna Wilson
Hundreds of thousands marching to Barcelona. The protests come after 9 people got jail sentences for organizing a Catalonia independence from Spain. China state media is using Catalonia as an example of why "seperatism will not be tolerated."
The question site "Stack Exchange" is censoring and banning accounts in order to push its leftist agenda
Don't let it get memory holed.
Why Cannot We Solve The Climate Crisis
A reminder the political system is rigged. In 2004, both presidential candidates were a part of an elite society Skulls and Bones which were the founders of the CIA. 2 sides to the same coin. You only get the illusion of choice.
Enlightenment Dedicated Discord Server
Cnn is real news
Tulsi Calls Out CNN for Smearing Anti-interventionist Voices!
Trump endorses racists: video
Why did they remove my post ..?
Don’t let it get memory holed
Xxxtentacion never died
Democrats hate Tulsi Gabbard because she reminds them what they used to stand for
(IN)TOLERANCE: From Alan Watts, With Love
Who is the globalist faction that Sibel Edmonds are hinting at?
Don't let it get memory holed.
The Puzzle Of Satoshi: Mystery Of A Disembodied Persona
Lou Dobbs DUNKS on George W. Bush After Former President Attacks Trump on Syrian Withdrawal
People that think that free speech and other rights only apply when engaging with the government are people who hate freedom and do not want the world to be free
Major conspiracy involving Greta Thunberg and her origins. 18:53 Will Franken exposes the lie. It was Greta's younger sister the whole time!!
Nothing is really in Fort Knox?
Don’t let it get memory holed
Stop saying ‘free speech’ only applies to the government. Only fascists believe that
everyone in this subreddit is a pedophile
Anyone believe in BIGFOOT or is it a big conspiracy? Dogman, Bigfoot, Sasquatch, aren't they similar?
This Video On The White Helmet Terrorists In Syria Came Out In 2017 - The Media Is Just Now Starting To Acknowledge These Things
Who Wants to Abolish the White Race?
Guys Im not religius , but very, very dark thing are happening. Witch craft and demons are real . Wake up ...I hope Im crazy.!
Video of thousands of "nazis" and "white supremacists" supporting our "dictator" president
Elijah Cummings Signed Subpoenas From His Death Bed – But Signatures on Two Subpoenas Don’t Match
Unprecedented Movement Detected on California Earthquake Fault Capable of 8.0 Temblor: Yesterday was the 30th anniversary of the last big California quake. The technology exists to "stimulate" these earthquakes. Is California being set up for another big one?
Sheep celebrity suggests Trump will get assassinated
Genghis khan
YouTube Bans 'Red Ice TV' Channel With Over 330K Subscribers, 45M+ Views
Court Ruling Shows How FBI Abused NSA Mass Surveillance Data
If Trump won't Respect the Emoluments Clause, what makes 2nd Amendment people think he'll respect that? Awarding the next G-7 summit to his golf resort is proof he only cares about enriching himself.
State Department Official Raised Alarms in 2015 Over Hunter Biden's Ukraine Business, But Was Ignored: George Kent is the first known example of a career diplomat who raised concerns internally in the Obama administration about Hunter Biden’s board position.
We're definitely going to go to war with China soon.
Isn’t it strange that Trump is the only president in recent memory that has concern for the loss of human life?
Let's not pretend one side is comparable to the other. Too many people in this sub pretend like Trump isn't America's greatest hope of uncucking itself from the deepstate..
Remember when Johnson &amp; Johnson admitted its baby powder was laced with asbestos? Did you know asbestos is a *co-carcinogen* with SV-40, a monkey virus that has contaminated the polio vaccine for over half a century? Asbestos + SV40 = the soft tissue cancer epidemic.
You guys want a serious memory hole? Good luck finding any information about this man.
Vaxxed II: The People's Truth | Official Trailer | 2019. Movie Premiers end of November.
America's Military Empire? (Conspiracy Documentary) | Real Stories
California halts ethnic studies curriculum: ‘not a single mention of anti-Semitism’
Is it possible this is the best youtuber starting out? I mean think about it kinda funny and his editing skills arnt that bad for only like 20 subs.
As long as they *clearly* label it "Analysis", they can plaster a blatant opinion piece as the top news headline
Special Report: 70-plus children missing from Kansas’ foster care system
Is there anything the us government can’t get away with at this point?
Let’s see how much the media talks about Mexico
Don't let this get memory-holed
Ted Gunderson archive of research and documents?
How about an ongoing financial conspiracy? Who has made $3.5 billion off stock bets timed to Trump's trade-war comments?
...meanwhile, in the offices of Reddit, the anti-evil crew are hard at work.
Bioethicist from UK university wants infanticide legalized and compulsory vaccination for all children
Seattle 113
Nixon's Letter to Trump
How about we stop acting like a bunch of fucking peasants squabbling over which ruler is worse, and start acknowledging that they're all part of the same team?
Full Archive of James Alefantis instagram (Pizzagate)
Mysterious traders may have made $3.5 billion off stock bets timed to Trump's trade-war comments, Vanity Fair finds
The God Of Freemasonry Exposed
Don’t let it get memory holed
Anyone have an explanation?
This is fucking crazy
Mossad Asset Jeffrey Epstein Made Sex-tapes to Blackmail Powerful Americans
95% Of Baby Foods Tested Contain Lead, Arsenic, Or Other Toxic Metal
✮✮✮ The First Annual Dumbest Spook Of The Year Award ✮✮✮
Lest we forget
When searching for the word “fascism” all definitions except Wikipedia list it as a political regime that exalts nationalism and prioritises race. Wikipedia lists the political regime only as “far-right”.
We're all walking robots with all these micrometals coursing through our bodies, ready to be manipulated and controled at the push of a button
Don't let it get memory-holed
The Golden Toilet Brush Awards for Corporate Impunity are here - vote for the multinational corporation you feel most deserves the award for making the world a more horrible place
Super Videos
Anyone ever notice this at Chicago O'hare airport
As many as 1 in 5 baby foods contain 10x the """safe""" amount of lead.
Michael Jackson Black Pepsi Leather Jacket
Don't let it get memory holed
The elite are trying to divide us; there is no left vs. right, only corrupt criminal rulers.
Don't let it get memory holed
Leftist doublethink - connect the dots.
Don’t let EITHER get memory holed
East Austin - Giuseppe Rizzi
A look into the shady history of Bitcoin Core developers, blockstream and epstein. (X-post r/c_s_t)
Finally Science Proves That We Are Time Traveling Every Day In Sunlight !
The Real Noah's Ark : The Ships Final Resting Place Part 1 | Noah's Ark ...
Why has the sky turned purple in Japan few days back, is that was HAARP behind it?
It looks like Adam SCHIFF has signed for Elijah Cummings on the subpoena to Guiliani #ooops
Trump chooses Illuminati author for federal education board
Sociopath Alert!! The same Oxford University expert (Dr Alberto Giubilini) who called for infanticide of healthy newborns to be made legal is now pushing for forced vaccination, meaning parents would no longer be able to prevent toxic chemicals from being injected into their children.
So... I guess I'm being censored from showing a clip of Bernie endorsing bread lines in tandem with clips from Venezuela? Several of my downvotes on comments were removed causing me to downvotes again. I replied with the link twice and it still is not visible on a separate account.
Michael Jackson Black Pepsi Leather Jacket
We live in a "MATRIX" everything is a game, a "Mental Experiment" said UtahTech CEO found Dead after speaking
Never forget!
Don’t let it get memory holed
I think I'm in a sub war. Please help
[Actually heard the earthquake before it hit, interesting : LosAngeles] Something I just felt and can vouch for
Russian network to down the MH-17 investigation results
Eternal return or eternal recurrence
Bruno Dey: Former Nazi, 93, on trial over thousands of murders at Stutthof concentration camp
I didn't know Belle Delphine had a Dark Side
Ret. General Paul Vallely Confirms Existence of "Q" in Interview - Patriots' Soapbox 24/7 News
A Declassified Court Ruling Shows How the FBI Abused NSA Mass Surveillance Data [United States of America]
S2DO.IN is on sale
The new CEO of the Iditarod race is caving to pressure to meet with PETA.
Audio Metamorphosis 004 How to Create Life From Nothing HOMUNCULOUS POLITICIANS The ONLY Reason Trump Wasn't Assassinated in Dallas on the 33° Parallel Last Night 10/17/19 Was to Piss Me OFF
Canadian oil sands protection or paid Rockefeller Foundation propaganda agenda? What I DO know is there is lies en masse.
The Jewish Secret: An Edgar Williams Biography
Wow not a single thing about Mexico.
She was one of Jeffrey Epstein’s victims. Now, her name is on a crime bill in Congress
Politically correct - politely hypocritical -xpost
If you watch only corporate media, you’ve probably never heard these facts about US meddling in the Hong Kong protests.
Former top Navy SEAL who oversaw the Osama bin Laden raid says the US is 'under attack from the president'
CIA Agent Blows The Whistle We Supply Elite Pedophiles With Children
what if..
Why does it look like kate yup?
Is someone in the Trump admin insider trading on big news?
Short Film Based Upon The Real Hidden Truth Of Our Controlled Reality: An advanced alien civilization builds a simulated reality where infinite beings, including humans, are imprisoned.
Fucc the zucc
Is CNN pro Israel?
phone knowing when i randomly get out of bed
Mother of 15-year-old Hong Kong girl found dead in sea says daughter took her own life, and calls for end to harassment of family and speculation over death.
[x-post from /r/c_s_t] A look in to the shady history of Bitcoin Core developers, Blockstream and Jeffrey Epstein.
STORM THE GATES - Gates and Epstein Connection
Did the cia try to up there monthly payments
Don’t let it get memory holed
Zuckerberg takes a stand against censorship
Why don't we have peace?
Towns In The Middle of Nowhere - Tibet Desert
Predictive programming seems to point to a massive false flag attack occurring on November 3 in Seattle.
The Odd Masonic Imagery of the 33 Chilean Miners’ Rescue
Documentary: Jews Against Israel
White House Chief of Staff on Quid Pro Quo
Elijah Cummings death
An account where government agents are covering up news of a ‘big foot’
Books and Documentaries Recommendations
Do you think this man died the way he was said to have died?
Brainstorming on spreading the truth
Who signed Elijah Cummings' name on the subpoena to Guiliani? Just 7 days ago, Elijah Cummings was well enough to sign a subpoena? Or Forgery?
is it common around you that youth especially girls dont want marriage?
Newark, NJ : another church is burning
Obstructive software update
Believe
Facts
Don't let it get memory holed - Epstein and Nxivm Judges **both** Appointed by Clinton &amp; Tied to Lady Rothschild
Wealthy Affiliate - The Home of Affiliate Marketing
Don't let it get memory holed - Nxivm benefactor funneled illegal donations to win Clinton’s favor: ex-cult member
How to cope with conspiracy induced paranoia?
Don't Let It Get Memory Holed
YouTube
Lauryn Hill's I Get Out unplugged
On Psychopathy &amp; Power - Maybe you’ve got your own ideas about this, but I personally can’t think of a single solution to the fundamental problem of psychopaths inserting themselves into positions of power which doesn’t involve drastic, unprecedented changes in our civilization and our culture.
Will this finally be exposed? https://youtu.be/Xg1r3BAPVbo
I mean, what the actual fuck!? How can this be possible. 95 percent of tested baby foods found toxic metal! These corporations are out of control! Either greed, ineptitude, or sheer evil. Regardless, I’m sure there will be zero consequences for the CEO’s.
Memory Holed Don't Let It Be
I mean, what the actual fuck!? How can this be possible. 95 percent of tested baby foods found toxic metal! These corporations are out of control! Either greed, ineptitude, or sheer evil. Regardless, I’m sure there will be zero consequences for the CEO’s.
Reddit Leaderboard
PLEASE READ. SOMETHING is going to happen in Seattle on Nov 3RD 2019.
Blue Star Kachina
I got an automated call that was in Chinese a few days after I posted a meme about China’s president.
The Dark Side of Dr. Phil
Monsters Inc 's Secret Message
Is South Park on to something?
Am I wrong? My comments are below provided by the username Æra Stevenson.
“U.S. (Trump) just gifted Turkey a large chunk of Syria. Would America be OK if Syria “gave” California to Mexico?”
(October 17, 2019) Rudy Giuliani’s Twitter Feed Is a Boomer Conspiracy-Theory Sh*tshow
Why hasn't ancient aliens created an episode about the wingmaker, labyrinth group, and ACIO topics?
Monsters inc is about Adrenochrome. Children's fear is energy in the movie.
Remember, it's been 68 days since Epstein died. The media's constant bombardment of mass shootings, Iran, China, and climate change has once again swept away another high profile case. The 24 hour news cycle exists so that we don't get fixated on one topic for too long.
Hear This Well. There Is An Agenda Running...
Who are your fav conspiracy theorists?
“Joker”.....anti-establishment predictive programming?
The Zionist New World Order
The war-loving Neocons' new conspiracy: Label any inconvenient facts as "Kremlin Talking Points." - Written by the incomparable Caitlin Johnstone
Looking at the ears of Epstein vs Clinton's brother and others, I believe I see a pattern
“U.S. (Trump) just gifted Turkey a large chunk of Syria. Would America be OK if Syria “gave” California to Mexico?”
Conspiracy hipsters may be mislead
An exercise in drawing your own conclusions apart from the narrative of MSM
Sondland's opening statement: 'no quid pro quo' text came from Trump [PDF]
WorldTree (long post)
Why do the dems want us protecting terrorists in Syria?
Political Lies, Disinformation
The Left vs The Right = Federal Reserve Wins!
Bill Still: The Secret of Oz
George Carlin Said It Best
Is Zeus and YHWH of the holy Bible the same being? God of the Bible
r/NBA mods remove gilded comment critical of Israel in thread critical of China
Comey is known to send cryptic messages. Somebody thinks he caught him telling Trump that it will be over in Dallas.
REDMAP is the Republican strategy of gerrymandering, appointing low level justices, and spending national funding on local and state level elections. In 2010, REDMAP was used to flip 21 State Chambers and 1000 legislative seats for $30M, the amount each party spent on GA-6 for 1 congressional seat.
Silicon Valley is filled with foreign spies.
Remember All These Politicians are Crooks
Lunar waves, Saturn waves, Jupiter waves. What is going on up there?
Secretly recorded 9am editorial call reveals CNN President Jeff Zucker and Political Director David Chalian discussing a strategy of getting in the faces of Republican Senators and harassing them for comments on a daily basis, be it at home or on the Hill.
Has the Church Been Infiltrated by Satanism? With Jeffery Epstein coverage exposing the highest level of people in power involved in pedophilia, and the decades and decades of reports about the Catholic Church and its members raping and molesting children, you have to ask
Durham &amp; Barr's special Russia investigator, obtained Blackberry’s tied to Joseph Mifsud
Never forget.
A Family Was Kept In A Secret Farmhouse Room For 9 Years
Mi'qmaq Templar Connection. The evidence is all there, but does anyone have any links for a deep dive?
Found something that seems very sketchy
The best 9/11 compilation I've ever seen
Germany/Merkel Are Now Flying Ethiopian Migrants Directly Into Germany. This Is Part of the U.N. Replacement Migration Conspiracy
A new study finds 95 percent of tested baby foods contain toxic chemicals that lower babies’ IQ, including arsenic and lead.
Just your everyday 9/11 reminder
The Improbable Timeline of the Old Kingdom Mega-Pyramid Builders -
Mr. Teutle is appalled by Desmond is Amazing
27 Alien Species Believed To Have Visited Our Planet Before
Trump directed me to work with Giuliani to push Ukraine on investigations: Sondland
Don't let it get memory holed.
Sheriff of Hennepin County Encrypts 911 Calls and Radio Traffic
Doctor Concerned About ‘Secret Human Experiments’ Fueling Advancements in Brain Chip Technology
Biden and Pelosi signaling something?
95% of baby food tested had toxic chemicals in them, including arsenic.
Forget Greta: The Central Bankers Are the Real Eco-Fascists
NBC literally makes up a Trump quote saying Turkey's invasion is "not our problem," runs with it for a few days and issues a retraction on their twitter instead of on-air.
The lllum inati Indoctrination - THIS IS THE REAL DEAL PEOPLE - MAKE SURE TO RECORD AND COPY THIS BEFORE IT IS GONE! This 18 minute video is the first of several lllum inati introduction videos describing their true intentions for this planet! This is no joke people - spread the message!
Don't let it get memory holed.
95% of tested baby foods in the US contain toxic metals, report says. 5% contained 10x the allowable limit of lead.
Switzerland's "bizarre" rail opening ceremony.
Boris Johnson is talking nonsense to influence your Google search results
Masonic Control over the world
Top
Mandela Effect
Danites: The Mormon Secret Police
When I ask Maxime Bernier about his views on Social Media censorship, I get banned for "Hateful Conduct"... for calling someone a retard.
The Talented Mr. Epstein (2003)
Conspiracy: apple is programming racism into their applications
Don’t let it get memory holed
Don’t let it get memory holed
Damn were closer to the antichrist than ever before.
The United States is not nearly as divided as you may think.
'We Mean Business'
Why do so many posts on this sub only show up in the app and not browser?
Solar and wind are NOT solutions to climate change. They are unreliable, expensive, and dangerous. Let's talk about some real solutions to climate change.
Tulsi Calls Out CNN To Their Face
Has anyone here had issues with the mods on r/UFOs?
I finally figured out why the Hong Kong protests can degenerate into genocide now
Stop saying ‘free speech’ only applies to the government
The Elite Machine Behind Greta Thunberg
Time conspiracy
The President of the United States is turning our government into a cash cow.
What is the real message of "make America great again"? Which time period in American history, do they want us to return To?
Don't Let it Get Memory-holed.
Flashback: Cheney, Rothschild, and Fox News’ Murdoch to drill for oil in Syria, violating international law
Time cospiracy
Trump is using next year's G7 Summit to line his pockets by holding the summit at his Trump National Doral Resort in Florida.
Don’t let it get memory holed
Trump Rally and Qanon
The elites are not satanists nor are they athiests but they are heavily religious
Why are TV shows full of Masonic symbolism?
Papal Bull Unam Sanctum &amp; The Conquest Of The New World
US Army's Manual on "Internment and Resettlement Operations" has been leaked. It describes the use of internment camps for American civilians, re-education procedures, and other outrageous actions.
How multiple countries were used to smuggle weapons to terrorists in Syria. Quite complex! US companies buy arms from Serbia, using a Pentagon contract. Then UK, Croatia &amp; Saudi Arabia all play their parts.
Conspiracy Theory: Soon after this subreddit passes 1 million subscribers, it will be quarantined or removed from Reddit entirely.
Don’t let it get memory holed
Leaked Document: Military Internment Camps in US to be Used for Political Dissidents
There is a pivot to Tulsi Gabbard that is happening. While she talks like an anti-war candidate, her background indicates she could be a plant.
Sorry to ask here, but are there any anti-vaccinationist here that have research and debate journalist?
The Roswell "alien" incident occurred on June 14, 1947. President Donald Trump was born on June 14, 1946. What if Trump is actually an alien come to invade us and what if
Patrick Crusius was NOT the man arrested we were shown on TV on August 3, 2019. The image showing (ON LEFT) what looks like Patrick with glasses on is the only such image. The other four images, which includes the mugshot is some other guy WITHOUT GLASSES. These two images are irreconcilable.
My fellow brethren, can I get some moral support/advice on this new life I awoke to (CIA calls us conspirators).
US Govt loses landmark vaccine lawsuit. They were unable to show proof vaccines have been TESTED.
FDA chef Gottlieb abruptly leaves agency to join Big Pharma giant Pfizer. Now he all of a sudden is calling for cannabis regulation. Humm..
Intersting r/iAMA comment (2020 disclosure)
What are the most transparently bias (political) conspiracy theories atm
Careful when using their language if they can get you thinking in their cartoonish ways and their controlled Opposition they can control how you think
Blizzard bans 3 more 'Hearthstone' players for holding up pro-Hong Kong protest signs during a livestream
"Spirit Day" Purple Spirit Heart - Spirituality has NOTHING TO DO with LGBTQ - LGBTQ is HIJACKING SPIRIT and Purple . . . this is a fight that needs to be fought
Anyone else getting these international calls? (should I be concerned?/should I switch my number?)
Nancy Pelosi at Press Conference says She Has a Bracelets with Orange Bullets, then says "I Told The President We're Not Going Away." Possible Go Ahead Signal for Assassination Attempt
Reddit blocking my posts about poisoned baby food
Anyone else getting these international calls? (Should I be concerned?)
Anyone else getting these international calls? (Should I be concerned?)
Getting tired of all the white hate
Stop saying ‘free speech’ only applies to the government
Looking for reliable sources that go against public water fluoridation
Kevin Barrett, The Legal Lynching of a Truth-Seeker: Jim Fetzer’s Stalinist-Style Show Trial
In the publication known as "The Holy Bible" the character "Jesus" is a metaphor for Mormonism today.
The Vatican's Time Travel Device
We Found Over 700 Doctors Who Were Paid More Than a Million Dollars by Drug and Medical Device Companies ProPublica has been tracking drug company spending on doctors since 2010. We just updated our database and found that companies are still paying private doctors huge sums of money.
Dark Web CP Site Shut Down/ Arrests In 68 Countries
Our fucking children, at their youngest stage are being poisoned. The general population as a whole needs to wake up and realize what is happening and fast.
What did he done this time?
My mother is the big boss at a large Nursing Home.
Just more threats against Trump on the "17" th.
$3.75 BILLION profit in futures trades made minutes before POTUS news moves markets in September alone
The Epstein scandal has been successfully squashed
Syria intervention plans fuelled by oil interests, not chemical weapon concerns
The "Global" History Of Communications
The "Global" History Of Communications - Space Satellites Debunked
This website, filled with scientific/medical theories, and unknown language texts, seemingly describes how Malaysia flight MH370 was intentionally shot down.
U.S.-led Coalition Strikes Bombed Trapped Civilians in Syria, Amnesty Says
95% of tested baby foods in the US contain toxic metals, report says
Flashback: U.S. Admits Airstrike in Syria, Meant to Hit ISIS, Killed Syrian Troops
How can people believe climate change is a hoax? What possible source of scientific evidence do we have to say the call for alarm isn’t needed?
Lazy Schools created Fortnite?
“Europe and the West thrives on a culture of pedophilia and Satanism”-Vladimir Putin, 2013
See how many of your posts are being shadow banned. Who is running the show?
Remember in 2012 when Obama mocked Romney when he said Russia was our greatest geopolitical threat? "The 1980s called and they want their foreign policy back"
Elijah Cummings Dead: Executed at GitMo?
LGBTQ community is possibly a sham
Flat Earth Plausible?
The 'Pipelineistan' conspiracy: The war in Syria has never been about gas
I'm Excited to join you guys soon.
Optical Phase Conjugation, Biological Tissue, and Theranos: What does a discredited multi-billion-dollar Silicon Valley biotech company have to do with Reagan's Stars Wars program and Soviet biophysics research?
Has anyone noticed on that "vote counts" and "upvote %" does not change organically on certain posts?
Syrian war explainer: Is it all about a gas pipeline? experts have pointed out that many of the key players have one thing in common: a billion-dollar gas pipeline
I have obtained a copy of ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩’s letter to #Erdogan - Details tonight at 8pm #FoxBusiness - Meek, Weak, Leak Outrage
Is the media reporting on this? "The deal by the Kurds, allows forces of Syrian President Bashar Assad to move into border areas held by the Kurdish-led fighters, effectively replacing the U.S. troops"
The Syrian Debacle Is Actually Well Planned Chaos: Make no mistake, BOTH Republicans and Democrats as well as Eastern and Western governments are participating in the lies and misdirection
Twitter Pelosi - Trump agenda
Deep Dive: An Unbiased Overview of the Trump-Biden Ukraine Scandal
Ben Swann Breaks Down ABC News Fake Video of Syria Massacre
Inside TurboTax’s 20-Year Fight to Stop Americans From Filing Their Taxes for Free
Scientist Claims Co-Orbital Objects May Be "ET" Monitoring Us: If tomorrow the government would suddenly "come clean" and announce the presence of ET, why should anyone believe them?
Read Gordon D. Sondland's Opening Statement
Extinction Rebellion, Rising UP UK, The Action Network – who is financing the demonstrations by these related organizations?
Stephen King
If It Bleeds It Leads: How the American Media Perpetuates Mass Shootings.
Let's play a game: spot the underlying message.
Garbage food in, garbage people out
Diplomat Testified Obama Admin Orchestrated Ukraine Prosecutor's Ouster. The Obama administration, not the international community, orchestrated the ouster of a Ukrainian prosecutor investigating a company connected to Joe Biden's son, a top diplomat testified to Congress yesterday
Since there are so many EVIL NAZIS here, I gathered a list of first hand testimony from many many POOR POOR JEWS regarding their treatment during WWII. ITT is jews being forced to fight bears and eagles, the time nazis invented the nuke but used it on jews instead of winning the war, and many more.
Los Angeles - got milk?
Mass Meditation/Consciousness Experiment - Based on Masaru Emoto’s Consciousness Water Molecule Research
China releases moon footage that shows an alien base
TTSA anouncement
Graham Elwood interviews Tiffany Fitzhenry on CIA control of Hollywood. The left's recent embrace of CIA because of Trump is disgusting and needs to be fought. (I'm left but the right were correct about the Clintons all along.)
Now that Russia is sending troops to Syria.
No one knows I am debt JUST with the government. After one threatening call from them, I have dozens of 'debt loaners' calling me. Is that legal that they give, or even, sell my name to these companies?
Project Veritas PART 3: CNN Field Manager: Zucker’s 9am Calls ‘BS;’ “...Totally Left-Leaning…Don't Want to Admit it”
FCC chairman warns about China's 'leverage' over NBA: Imagine what Beijing can do with 5G networks
The real #FreeHK you should have
The Government Is Testing Mass Surveillance on the Border Before Turning It on Americans - Almost every technology developed in the border lands in the last two decades now exists in local police departments
Extinction Rebellion: I don’t buy it
Vaping. I know there a lot of posts already. But o read a little
THE COLD SUN - John L Casey
Any idea why the Washington Times would serve up 2 different stories on the same link??? On my iPhone if I click “reader view” I get the same headline but with a completely different story. Anyone else? Or is this an iPhone bug?
Why didn't Epstein have a way to guarantee his safety?
Elites always leak intentions: James Comey plans to spend the next 13 months working to drive President Trump from power
7 Things Your Period Blood Color Says About Your Health
Hitler is alive.
Media and politicians didn’t care about chaos the US caused in Syria for years, but now that Trump can be blamed, they’re outraged
Scientists Discover That The Heart &amp; Brain Respond To Future Events – Before They Happen –
Why does worldwide aggregators like r/ all Twitter trending and others like whisper have so few people in them statistically?
Conspiracy Joke of the Day | Subscribe for 2.99/mo
History of America's Labor Movement
Wtf i believe in Q now
The Blue Brethen and a conspiracy library
I believe that I suffer from demonic possession
The 11 families are?
The world wide internet isn't as wide as they hype it up to be🤔😒
Check out this developing conspiracy this guy is living in a Bourne movie
“I was exposed to nerve agent on Okinawa” – US soldier sickened by chemical weapon leak at Chibana Ammunition Depot in 1969 breaks silence on what happened that day. (side Info of chemical Weapons used by the US Military until the Seventies)
Mainstream media vaping smear campaign.
Mining metals from north and South Pole
Interesting quote I found from Jimi Hendrix pertaining to ufos and visitors.
Banksta's Paradise feat. Donald Trump
We often hear about science being fraud in the conspiracy world, what are some solid examples of this that you actually believe in?
Was the August 2019 “Wal Mart shooting” in El Paso, TX actually a fake event? This paper explicitly makes that claim. Read for yourself, decide for yourself. Quote: “...looking at the evidence on record this shooting is a crisis-actor riddled psy-op. It didn’t happen.” (Published Sep. 17, 2019)
Please pray for President Trump and his family. Joe Biden and Nancy Pelosi are signaling for an assassination attempt!
John Mark Dougan is alleging two assassination attempts against him.
Proof that the cure to Cancer exists.
Elijah Cummings dies. Here we go...let the conspiracy theories roll in...
Have we finally discovered alien life on earth? Paris zoo unveils the blob, an organism with no brain but 720 sexes.
Is this alien life? The 'blob': Paris zoo unveils unusual organism which can heal itself and has 720 sexes
Key figure in Impeachment probe of Trump, Congressman Elijah Cummings dead at the age of 68
Has it been discussed about using PTSD (Warriors Heart, Shell Shock, or all the other shameful misnomers for mental trauma). As catalyst for finding subjects for projects like MK Ultra?
Easy to forget how much massive open space there is on the planet... Any ideas on what sort of activities could be taking place in such a huge 'empty' ocean?
What social media is really made for (no joke)
Gobekli Tepe is a temple site that may indicate that humans developed civilization sooner than mainstream scientists generally accept today.
What happened to this?
Is Corey Booker a White Supremacist?
Kayne Quest 3030, ascensionism and Heaven's Gate: joining ideas together [LONG READ].
Deepfake technology is a new powerful tool that can be potentially used to misinform and mislead the electorate. Do you think you are able to differentiate between real and fake news?
Michael Jackson Black Pepsi Leather Jacket
Warp Drive without Meta-materials: The Self Propulsive Field Configuration of the Fluxliner ARV (Alien Reproduction Vehicle)
Humanoid attacked an American in the woods. that it's an Alien or a mysterious creature. Hunter set a trap for wild boar in the forest in the bushes in the night strange sounds. hunter went to see what was there in the bushes was greeted by a strange creature similar to the alien
#JusticeForKatie
Army basic training, experimental medicine?
MSM Journalist Xeni Jardin: "The world isn't ready for the full scope of the Jeffrey Epstein story." "It hurts when your reality falls apart."
Post-election Riots
Prepping for the boogaloo..
The 3rd biggest holder of Chinese sovereign debt—— Cai Mengke. You can’t find any useful info about this guy on any search engine.
sound familiar?
A Structural Reevaluation of the Collapse of World Trade Center 7 - Open Data Released from University of Alaska Fairbanks Study
4 Year "Planned" Closure of Iconic Mormon Temple In Salt Lake City, Utah Is An Illusion For Coming 9/11 Style Attack on 30 Story Mormon Headquarters Nextdoor.
'The Watermelons are preparing for war with you'
How does the US benefit from fighting terrorism in foreign countries?
Stand in solidarity | the revolution starts with one but will spread. HK, Yellow Vests, Cairo, Paris, Moscow | the government will bow down! Remember Tiananmen!
Appearances and Deceptions : Trust not too much to appearances." - Virgil "The fish sees only the bait, not the hook." - Chinese proverb
Weed stock crashing!!!
The SCP website is libtard propaganda
What is with the discrimination and bias against Bernie Sanders?
The Reason Elizabeth Warren Can't Answer If Taxes Will Rise For Middle Class Under Medicare For All
Are We Blocking Out the Sun?
Govt isnt bad. The people that want to destroy govt are bad
(Insert Hobbes' response)
American media is altering things in Syria
Secret Underground Bases &amp; Bunkers
Can't look up the Full Democratic Debate from the other night. Only clips of what THEY want you to see. Is this really Democracy?? Only giving access to clips that edit out people they don't want you to see?? Sux to be someone like Andrew Yang getting shafted
College Admissions Scandal
My blood family member Randy Noblitt
Meanwhile in democratic France, police forces are beating firefighters hard
Fireball and weird space/atmospheric happenings
There will be an alien invasion on November 3rd, Seattle will be ground zero. Mark my words.
Trump Impeachment HOAX! NBA Bows to Chinese Censorship!
The really pathetic attempt by ABC to pass off Kentucky gun range footage as a Syrian conflict zone is a good example of the consequences of Congress' horrible 2013 decision to totally legalize domestic propaganda - Whitney Webb
Does anyone track Q's predictions?
Consciousness is message, vibes are the tool.
Doctors in nyc won’t help me
Malthusian or Cornucopian?
I have a real life history from my family
regarding LeBron James comments.
Nineteen Eighty Four
Chicago: Metra testing scanners designed to detect guns and explosives in crowds
1984
San Francisco — where drug addicts outnumber high school students -
Vatican communications official: Carved figure at Amazon synod not Virgin Mary
I would defeat I.S.I.S by ordering the CIA to use their heart attack gun on I.S.I.S's leadership.
joker
The Freemasons are planning the start to the 3rd World War by nuking Seattle during the Seahawks game on 11/3.
I think I’ve found the real satanic origins of the floss dance
Edison is a stealer of ideas.
2100 Caged Children saved by US Marines and Navy Seals from Deepstate underground Bases and maybe where the California fires are coming from?
Maybe Im Crazy
Was thinking about how powerful of a propaganda arm Twitter is while they could be the most insightful corporation known to man so I took a peak at their official “likes” section and saw where their priorities were at
The Electric Universe
Biden slips up and spills the beans on a potential plan to do something to Trump on the 17th. What does Biden mean by this?
Anyone else getting some weirdness with Youtube? Any controversial video I try to watch loads only the video--no comments, no playlists, nada.
They Got The Peeper Beetle
Anonymous interviews a cat hoarder in Red Bluff, California-topic is Aristocracy
Mandela Effect summary with links
Photo of Pelosi Standing and Pointing Finger at Trump Amid Mutual Allegations of "Meltdown"
Another great day for show trials in America.
919 HKDI CCTV Footage (Chan Yin Lam takes off shoes between 6:31 and 6:37 off camera. Timestamp on camera around that time is about 30 seconds off from other cameras)
French news report on how the Kurds in Northern Syria have been encouraging ISIS prisoners to escape, in an attempt to change the US's policy of troop withdrawal.
why is there not much coverage on the lebanon fires that are happening recently its kind of a pretty big deal
Who owns Memorandum Daily?
Media is complicit in the war machine. Ss: when the facts are so clear, we are still conned my the MSM.
Rural Red versus City Blue’s
More than 300 pedophiles arrested worldwide after massive child abuse website is taken down. The "dark web" is proving to be a fertile hunting ground for law enforcement.
Rural Red versus City Blue’s- Attempting to Describe the Left and Right Mind in America and the Different Types of Manipulation Each Mind is Suffering to Lead Americans into Another Civil War. 25 minutes of Calculating Motives of The Secret King’s
Space bases across planets and moons.
Conspiracy: Trump is part of the deep state! Reality: Trump calls out ABC for the fake story they aired
Why is the US government trying so hard to prevent Anne Sacoolas from being extradited for killing children?
WHAT ARE THEY TELLING US | Conspiracy Theories | #conspiracytheory #con...
Hundreds of birds in my city run into nascar building amid recent installation of 5g towers
The War of the Worlds | Aliens invade England in miniseries trailer
What the fuck is going on with Syria and Public Opinion
Are memes comparing Xi Jinping to Pooh a red herring spread by the Chinese government?
Communist China- Threat To World Liberty!
What's in Flu Shots?
Tourism Tax &amp; mandated state issued identification cards
Trump: “The United States and Italy are bound together by a shared cultural and political heritage dating back thousands of years to Ancient Rome." 🇺🇸🇮🇹 .
Why is the US government trying so hard to prevent Anne Sacoolas from being extradited for killing children?
Prince Of Pot Marc Emery Loves PPC !
The paranormies
Was "Captive State" really an anti-Trump propaganda film?
Bloc Québécois Racism: 'Vote For People Who Look Like You!'
They are using mosquitos as a coverup for vaccine injury.
Capitalism Has Made Nearly Everyone More Prosperous Than Our Ancestors Could Even Imagine!
The Panama Papers lawyers want to stop Netflix’s ‘The Laundromat’
Noticed an absence of untouched aerial photos of any cities during the California power outages. An absence in results seems odd.
Ronan Farrow: National Enquirer tried to help Trump bury teen rape allegation
I think the US government knows about climate change they want it to happen
the Left Have Pushed Trump Impeachment for 35 Months. Even Before Inauguration
Nothing to see here, just good ole fashioned cloning...
Feds Bust World's 'Largest Dark Web Child Porn Marketplace' By Following A Bitcoin Trail
Russia, KGB would have hidden documents related to "First Contact" with Extraterrestrial Ambassadors
This going to sound weird but I had a demon tell me his birthday (to find out his birthchart astrology thing) and he told me he was born on Nov 4. This is significant because of the Seattle false flag planned on November 3rd...
Is it a coincidence that the Flat Earth Society website falls off the edge of the screen?
Does anyone else think that greta kid and all he climate protests are a distraction from us getting involved in the human rights protests in HK?
Is this the REAL reason we need a "Space Force" ?
Do you really think Bitcoin is untraceable?
Everyone on Reddit regarding the Trump Impeachment inquiry keeps saying “Throw these guys in jail!!!” but the HOR never does jack shit, even in clear cut cases where subpoenas are being violated and they are within their right...so why is the HOR not doing their job atm?
President Trump's Administration Arrested 337 People Worldwide in the Online Largest Child Porn Takedown Ever. 23 Minors Were Rescued From Actively Being Abused. Take That You Subhuman Pedophiles! #Winning
Ronan Farrow: National Enquirer tried to help Trump bury teen rape allegation
planned attack - SPACE NEEDLE - SEATTLE - 11/03/19
1000 days in office. October 17
Admins are banning people that question sandy hook in this post.
The world's 'largest dark web child porn marketplace' has been taken down
What does this mean? Kim Jong-un on white horse.
The bots are let loose on /r/Politics?
Was just informed of this tech and its criminal use.....DO NOT USE !Spyoo app it is nefarious and uses illegal tech to survallence.
Human experiments lab
Is it all just a game?
Trumps Pulls out of Syria = Russia Swoops in = he has Delivered
What if the Russian Revolution started today?
Syrian Girl™ Exposes Zionist Media Lies About Trump's Syria Withdrawal
My grandfather became a freemason in the early 80s. On occasion, he'll show me his "souvenirs." This is one of the only photographs I could sneak. Maybe you guys would appreciate it.
Are vaccinations a conspiracy - this biology teachers take on it.
What if this cringe meme was actually made by the tobacco company in an attempt to increase sells 🤔🤔🤔
Why Public Schools &amp; The Mainstream Media Dumb Us Down!
CDAN post about Epsteins pals arrested in today's pedo bust
Fda hides vaccine ingredients from doctors and patients, did you study the ingredients before u gave to your children?
I was permanently banned from r/historyporn for a 9/11 comment on this post.
Test
College Admissions Bribery Case
Quick question: Do people remember Obama calling the terror group: ISIL? (Islamic state of Iraq and Libya)... then a short time after referring to them as the junior varsity team, the media started saying ISIS (Islamic state of Iraq and Syria)?
Why are so many ancient cultures adamant that the earth is flat and hollow?
The only real immunity vaccines provide is to their manufacturers, since 1986.
Moderators on /r/politics are banning liberals who mention Bernie's heart attack.
is it possible that ancient advanced civilizations inhabited our planet hundreds of thousands of years ago?
WTC Building 7 Data Released: University of Alaska Fairbanks has released over 600GB of data regarding their finding that fire did NOT bring down building 7 on 9/11, as claimed by NIST
We usually get a pretty rosy narrative on the Prophet Muhammad's life but this animated documentary gives us an alternative history that does not hold back the criticisms
Reframing Jihad: A Leftist Conspiracy?
IRS: Sorry, but It’s Just Easier and Cheaper to Audit the Poor - Congress asked the IRS to report on why it audits the poor more than the affluent. Its response is that it doesn’t have enough money and people to audit the wealthy properly. So it’s not going to
The Majority of Wikipedia has been edited by Israelis
If as many little boys were diddled in a Chuck E Cheese’s as a Catholic Church there would be no Chuck E. Cheese’s how is there still a Catholic Church?
Blizzard is getting shit on for its interaction with public relations. Riot Games is a subsidiary of Tencent with a large western demographic, and everyone is lauding their 10th anniversary address and upcoming games.
Just like one can be an Atheist and choose no gods to Worship one can choose not to give their Loyalty to any sort of Government because neither gods nor governments ever gave a single F*** about you or anybody else, this I promise.
Bioweapon / Pandemic incoming?
Chem trails are real but we still argue about them.
Jeffrey Epstein Documentary
Huge fire at California fuel facility
Biomimicry, doppelgängers and parallel realities
Sandy Hook father awarded $450,000 after suing conspiracy theorist | US news
Feds take down the world’s ‘largest dark web child porn marketplace’
TIL I'm a wealthy person
Red spots on the back of your neck
John Nash Possible MKUltra Victim
Red spots on the back of your neck
Looking for an old video with the same crisis actor (old women) being interviewed for a church stabbing(maybe Albuquerque) and another situation.
Gabbard, again most Googled candidate, slams 'despicable' CNN, NYT coverage of her Syria policy
It begins: "New NASA Spacesuits for the Moon and Mars."
If you believe that Trump's been able to resist the Deep State's attempt to control him - how did he manage that?
What's your opinions on Israel Animal conspiracy theories?
Milky way scam
"We mustn't forget that some of greatest murderers of modern times were Jewish".
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
When do you personally think the Illuminati took over the American media? OR... have they always controlled it?
Walk In Wisdom, Spiritual Freedom &amp; The Great Awakening
Why are Christianity, Islam, and Judaism constantly mislabeled as Monotheistic?
For those of you who watched my video posted the other day surrounding the Reddit conpiracy/mystery of Room 322, I think I've been able to finally debunk the whole thing. (X-Post from /r/UnresolvedMysteries)
Is anyone on here aware of how factual the claim that Joseph Smith Jr. the Mormon Prophet lead the failed assassination of Governor Lilburn Boggs is?
Don’t you like how liberals try to guilt trip you if you question mass shootings?
Nyc rat conspiracy
[Ayia Napa] "If your child had just been raped by 12 Israelis..." False rape claim woman testifies.
The Bible Violates The Community Guidelines For YouTube's Hate Speech Subsection (Specifically Leviticus 20:13) How long before it is banned? What will the fallout be?
Mafia Cop Conspiracy.
Frodo exposes Hollywood
Jeffrey Epstein Documentary
Pot leads to thinking.... thinking leads to questions.... NASA no like pesky questions
Most conspiracy theories in a nut shell...
Snopes shills for ABC. Claims fake footage was "mislabeled"
Documentary about the promises of socialism/communism and the reality of socialism/communism
Behold a Pale horse
I have been PERMANENTLY banned from r/news for "brigading and spreading propaganda" because of the x-post that I made here yesterday.
The New York Times Caught Promoting Al-Qaeda Terrorist As A Hero
ICE Moved 700 Women Out Of A Detention Center And Won’t Tell Lawyers Where They Are
Pot leads to thinking... thinking leads to questioning.... NASA no like pesky questions
I think Ben Swann does good work.
Lets impeach the CIA!!!
I got this sent to me today. Maybe this is the wrong sub i dont know. Pissed me off.
Ok
What is Happening?
Ozone layer
Sandy Hook defamation case: Conspiracy theorist James Fetzer must pay father of victim Noah Pozner $450,000, jury says
Why are people mad at Hunter Biden when...
Pizzagate school project?
UAF, AE911Truth Release All Data from WTC 7 Study
Biden Let's it slip that President Trump may be out of office by the 17th...Tomorrow.
Welcome to the Future. PsHolix (Global 3D display industry: View 3D content on displays without the need of 3D glasses) is Going Public! Please use the referral code- pshibo31 to receive an additional 5% discount. Register for the IBO today
Don't allow them to control your attention!
Top 10 “Best” Pedo-Harvesting Foster Care System States Countdown: #4 Texas... your guts froze when you read on
Comedic Idiot Jumps Shark - Doesn't Realize He's Doing The Bidding Of The Ruling Elite Who Use Climate Change For Control Over Humanity
Tried informing users on /politics about the military industrial complex propaganda that attempt to keep us in eternal war, instantly censored by mods. It's a big club folks.
UAF, AE911Truth Release All Data from WTC 7 Study
VSCO girls are a hoax, prove me wrong
Ss: prove me wrong this is what I think1
Trump Tax Documents Show Major Inconsistencies
Colleges are Tracking Applicants' Browsing History: At least 44 public and private universities across the US have started to work with third-party companies to collect and track data on prospective students, including web browsing activity and financial history.
Truth Be Told
How To Take Out The Ruling Class — Legit
LIVE: Spez is testifying in front of the House Committe on Energy &amp; Commerce
The Mafia Cop Conspiracy
How can we explain no (clear) photographic evidence of UFOs or aliens if everyone has an HD video camera in their pocket at all times? Seems like we would have seen something besides the typical grainy shaky videos. (Serious question, not trolling)
Do anyone here knows the biography of blogger/creator of the website Vigilant Citizen?
Boston marathon bombing
David Icke Replies To Jonathan Pie About Extinction Rebellion
Why Do Schools Need This?
Elite UK military unit secretly trained by leftist regime-change advocate Gilbert Achcar and other academics | The Grayzone
John Bolton told a top aide he wasn't 'part of whatever drug deal' Rudy Giuliani and Mick Mulvaney were 'cooking up' in Ukraine
Prove me wrong
The deep state and the media were openly telling us about their support for Al Qaeda. It’s our cognitive dissonance that prevents us from acknowledging it
Max Clifford prison death.....
John Mark Dougan Wikipedia Page?
The Swedish Army is now using drones to spy on the public
Could one of you explain this to me?
Found on RedBubble, a fitting sentiment
Despite the massive backlash against Hearthstone and Blizzard, especially on Reddit, they are the two top growing communities today.
Another Red Pill For Those Just Waking Up To The Deceptive Reality - White Helmets Are Al-Qaeda Posing As Rescuers Of Kids Promoted By The CFR-Controlled Media
The Swedish Army is now using drones to spy on the public
The Holographic Universe Explained
Trump conspiracies
A primer on Remote Viewing
Wealth inequality is a huge issue and most people don't understand how shockingly bad it is. [Big post with lots of info]
Wealth inequality is a huge issue and most people don't understand how shockingly bad it is. [Big post with lots of statistics]
Protestors in Peru, France, Hong Kong, and don't forget Spain. Catalonians are marching for their right to freedom and of course being met with police working for a corrupt government. But look at how the media portrays it as if there is equal violence here.
"Russian intelligence asset" Joseph Mifsud was given phones. DOJ has possession. General Flynn's attorney wants them. Were these Blackberry cell phones issued by U.S. intelligence? If yes, wouldn’t that automatically destroy the “Mifsud as a Russian intelligence asset” narrative?
Putin sends in police to raid organizations researching corruption in his administration. Blatant coverup of his corruption in broad daylight
After posting about r/news mods who censored a user's comment yesterday, I was permanently banned from the subreddit.
What the heck is going on with this strange subreddit I found?
Erdoğan shakes hands with “Crimean deputies” – a matter of contingency?
Twitter explains when it will remove abusive tweets by world leaders
Why am I getting Reddit “Trending Posts” notifications from Posts with little to No engagement?
Copy paste
Anyone else see these “askreddit” threads as an obvious data mining operation?
Panama Papers law firm Mossack Fonseca sues Netflix over The Laundromat
Western pundits who lobbied for Syrian rebels now admit they are jihadist extremists
A preservative in flu vaccine that gets the immune system "high"
Weird there would be a separate ISRAELI CLAIM FORM...
Turkish invasion in Syria: Erdogan achieves primary goals
Heart breaks.
Imagine if they are funding a 4c rise in temps. For a purpose of enacting new policy to control world populations: Bank of England boss says global finance is funding 4C temperature rise
In hope - for a Friend... Looking for a capable Person who can help find her.
200+ Critical thinking questions
Hope I don’t get assassinated!
Hope I don’t get assassinated!
For those who think that suicide is the only option
This submission was censored from the top of the sports subreddit with 30,000+ net upvotes; "LeBron James undermines values he's espoused in most disgraceful moment of career."
Ever wondered why so much propaganda is on the internet now and all narratives opposing the official government story are silenced when they get too popular? Look at all this Chinese bullshit lately. It's coz USA and China are in a trade war. Very simple.
Focus on victims at town hall on Jeffrey Epstein saga; Herald to launch investigative fund
This is perfectly normal!
A live Facebook video post from these two women talking about the Department of Defense and an EMP drill planned for nov 4-6th
Video: Hong Kong police stabbed in the neck. The officer has since been hospitalized
Approval granted to exhume the Somerton Man
Is the New World Order a Jewish Conspiracy? No, it’s a Satanic Conspiracy
Woman beaten by mob in Hong Kong. Protesters use umbrella to block press cameras
I saw this one a few days ago.
Jaynou Oliver Beck
Gobekli Tepe and its sister sites are in Southern Turkey near the Syrian Border...
Humanoid attacked an American in the woods. that it's an Alien or a mysterious creature. Hunter set a trap for wild boar in the forest in the bushes in the night strange sounds. hunter went to see what was there in the bushes was greeted by a strange creature similar to the alien
[Meta] Respect
Is Ancient History Being Covered Up?
Found this on r/skyporn today. Any thoughts or theories???
Chelyabinsk Event 2013. A weapons test for future purposes? Perhaps Seattle in November of next month. Suspicious power outages in California and enough predictive programming to warrant this event.
In search of Alien Sex. [NSFW]
Latest Events 2019 - Walter Veith (Part 3 of 5)
Bernie Sanders will be elected president. He has already been chosen.
Reddit Users Warned About Vaping Illness Months Before it Happened
A massive redpill on the lottery.
14 million students are in schools with police but no counselors, nurses, psychologists or social workers.
Conspiracies on the stock market?
Mr Dress Up (Justin Trudeau)
There's No Place Like Utopia - (Documentary)
Trying to hold it 🦎
Ben Affleck the purveyor of DOOM from pearl harbor realeased right before 9/11 to armageddon the plot of an upcoming asteroid attack on the west coast to the role of the fascist batman the order from the manufactured chaos of the joker just recently released
UFO Conspiracy theory of ufo Extraterrestrial Life documentary
Are we the conspirators?
To anyone who is a US citizen, this seem OK to you? According to Pompeo, an evangelical Christian, the Bible “informs everything I do.” Good to know.
How the US stole thousands of Native American children
I know it’s been a while but can we all take a moment to appreciate that we might be on the right track when a foreign nation is waving the US flag to demand freedom and democracy.
Creepy Japanese Video I Stumbled Upon.
Jeffrey Epstein's inner circle Ghislaine Maxwell and Jean-Luc Brunel traced to Brazil | US News
Ingo Swanna, Remote viewer describing Jupiter 9 months before Voyager arrived
Trump has a rally in Dallas on the 17th. What did Biden mean by this?
The CIA, Hip Hop, Rock n Roll, and drugs.,
Venting - Coworkers Trying to Coerce me into Getting Flu Shot
r/communism Proudly Support International Communist Terrorist Organization Pkk
Will we see Islamic terrorism in China?
Does anyone else think that CNN adds laughing tracks during the debates?
Why does Biden look more like Jason Sudeikis in makeup than Biden in the Dem debate?
Teletubbies Theory/Shower thought
Ed Buck's butt buddy Adam Schiff can't stop lying. Gee I wonder why?
Barr has Mifsud's phone
Michael Flynn's legal council demands access to Mifsud cell phone(s)
Is anyone else listening to this clown show of a debate?
Is LeBron James' controversial China stance due to the upcoming Space Jam 2?
The reason police release warnings about drugged Halloween candy every year is because they want it to happen.
Gods Real Name
Not sure if anyone's brought this up yet but the dude who emailed Podesta about Walnut Sauce running for president
Frankenskies.
5D, Ascension, nibiru &amp; more
Project Veritas just proved its authenticity at the debates
The real conspiracy is that FOX News posts fake shit all day and most of you guys accept it....
Conspiracy theory: The Lotto/Lottery is staged.
Ryan Dawson enlightening us on just how powerful real estate can make you, and it's role in the Zionist/global control movement. Stay woke my friends.
The killer sounds
Beverly Sackler, an owner of Purdue Pharma, mass producer of OxyContin, has died.....awfully convenient timing
The Secret that Nikola Tesla Uncovered abut the Pyramids of Egypt
David Icke explains that the Universe Is A Hologram
Bernie basically referencing a million conspiracies while being hopeful.
Conspiracy Of The Planes Movie (Sorry if this is offensive to anybody)
Spot. On.
The fake news media
Cam girls owned by Russian Mafia
Media Matters: From CTR to Shareblue: How Paid Shills Attempt to Distort the Truth
The Real Story Behind Turkish Military Operations Against Kurds and the US Pullout of Syria
Drone attackers, spy-proof radio — private players line up hi-tech wares at Army meeting
Hunter Biden admits he used his Dad’s position as VP to get rich. Says he didn’t have an ethical lapse.. he just left his wife to shag his dead brothers widow then dumped her ass b/c his Dad started a Presidential campaign. Welcome to 2019 — the Incest Democrats.
Hunter Biden admits he used his Dad’s position as VO to get rich. Says he didn’t have an ethical lapse.. he just left his wife to shag his dead brothers widow then dumped her ass b/c his Dad started a Presidential campaign. Welcome to 2019 — the Incest Democrats.
Phone listening to us?
So whats really going on with climate change?
China does what it wants
Yellow Vests Movement: French police fired tear gas and water cannons on Tuesday in clashes with firefighters protesting in Paris over their working conditions.
The sacred letter Shin
Can anyone find that zuckerberg mural floating around the socials this week? The one with the surveillance cameras for eyes?
Why would Hunter Biden leave the Chinese Company when Trumps being impeached for asking China to investigate him?
A friend found this paper at an AirBnB in Fullham area of London in July 2019. Any ideas what this is or who these people are?
Faxt tho
Jerry Falwell, Wally Hilliard, &amp;amp; Transnational Organized Crime — MadCow
Your thoughts? I know free speech but really?
Earthquake in the Bay Area
Evidence of the Lost City of Atlantis [Part 1] - Ancient Mysteries - Edge of Wonder
The Chosen Remnant of Jesus and the Truth About The Church
In case if anyone thinks that the US can take over Hong Kong and turn it into a wasteland...
Ha ... I created a vpn and bought a new laptop to post this cause wtf. In r/worldnews, a story about a chinese 15 year old protester found suspiciously dead isn't showing up in the top posts from the day. Screenshot proofs including timestamps found attached. Lol I guess 'it' has begun.
Alexa (Amazon) is biased against Andrew Yang
My Theory
Taco Bell exists to get us to accept the diarrhea industry
Ministry of Truth - Whatever Mossad-CIA Says Is Fact
The brave new world
Hey everyone! Let’s fuck over Disney in China!
When conspiracies get confirmed.
Unclassified documentation about humans living within a hologram.
Gender fluidity is an attack on social political function?
CIA unclassified documentation of humans living in a hologram.
The Measles Vaccine Narrative Is Collapsing
World War III
The Chief Executive of Hong Kong who pushed for extradition amendment resulting in protests is Carrie Lam, a Roman Catholic. She is currently seeking further measures to suppress protestors. In general, Hong Kong is Jesuit-controlled.
Comic Book Villains Promoting Climate Change aka Global Warming.
No MSM Results: Try Typing "ABC Lies Syria Knob Creek" Into You Tubes Search Bar And See What Ya Get
The Manipulation Of The Human Population, is Overwhelming
Really creepy abandoned daycare
Why the NWO Hates the KJV
Can someone tell me what is causing this purple smoke to emit from this smoke stack. What could this be? In Newark NJ on the turnpike.....
Erin Valenti, Utah Tech CEO with no history of mental illness, found dead in backseat of own California rental car, days after going missing/calling her parents saying "We're in the Matrix, it's all a game, a thought experiment."
Press S to Spit on CNNs Grave
Why did the Deep State allow Trump to win in 2016?
Fortnite goes dark after saying it won’t bend to China...
Disappearance of Madeleine McCann: What happened really?
Here's a well made series on aliens/ufos especially as an icebreaker for people new to the topic
Prominent Climate Scientist: ‘Our models are Mickey-Mouse Mockeries of the Real World’
"CNN doesn't like Tulsi Gabbard" -- CNN insider.
Strange Projects Posted to Freelance VO site
The story of the haunted queen mary
Has the Illuminati become weaker?
Does anyone follow http://whatdoesitmean.com/
PART 2 - CNN Leadership Picks Winners and Losers on Eve of Debate. "...They(CNN) like Warren a lot"
Where did the Roswell evidence go?
Harvey Weinstein STILL on the loose? He is obviously connected almost as high as Epstein. (Rant)
AI and You
Are all these huge celebs really members of the illuminati/occult or are they just using the symbolism for publicity?
What if the government wants you to spend to get you off their back?
WeWork warns office phone booths tainted with formaldehyde
"Joe Biden Has A Problem" CNN Senior Justice Correspondent Tells Undercover Veritas Operative
A different angle of the “Trump Conspiracy”
Hopefully the US will follow suit
Microsoft Windows is slowing down Google Chrome Browser so users can use Bing
Project Veritas release a part 2 to the CNN Exposé. New evidence shows CNN leadership picking the winners and losers on the eve of the debate. This comes after the previous video released of CNN forcing left propoganda and forcing the 'impeachment' scandal.
Prepare yourself to be red pilled if you've been sleeping in the Matrix...… Welcome To Parkland (The Whole Hogg) Revised Version - Student Actors Extensive Evidence
The TRUTH About College...
Coz I am sure CNN verilog code is a much more searched term on Google than CNN veritas today..
Hoocoodanode
Let‘s talk about Climate Change and the Paris Agreement
New Book Release: Hidden Energy – Tesla-Inspired Inventors and a Mindful Path to Energy Abundance - New Energy Movement
New Book Release: Hidden Energy – Tesla-Inspired Inventors and a Mindful Path to Energy Abundance - Tesla New Energy Movement
Illinois red-light cameras have collected more than $1B from drivers since 2008
Did you know that Kentucky is in Syria? Or that Tripoli is in India? Or that Caracas is in Singapore? No? Then you must not be paying enough attention in MSM Geography 101, class. Better hit the books!
2100 tortured children were just rescued from underground bunkers in California! They were being used to create a drug made from their over-activated, panicked adrenal glands. More missions are going to take place! WTF
Oh, you did 9/11? We obey, master.
#HunterBiden just admitted he was guilty af Liberals in full panic mode! Rt if youre ready to #arrestbiden!
Strange 10 Mile Long Walls Underwater Near Sandwich Islands
JFK: The Smoking Gun (2013) - Detective Colin McLaren spent four years on the forensic cold-case investigation of JFK's assassination. What he had, and other investigators did not, was modern technology and access to all the evidence, facts and eyewitness testimony.
Zelensky and Trump Share a Hyperreal Friendship
ABC News’ ‘Slaughter in Syria’ footage is really from a Kentucky gun range
[META] The Central Paradox of Conspiracy
If all of Western Society is founded on the Greek Gods, and the early conquests of Alexander the Great, then where did this embrace of docile Christianity originate from?
PART 2 - CNN Leadership Picks Winners and Losers on Eve of Debate. "...They(CNN) like Warren a lot"
China is starting to drawing similarities with another powerful country in history
Thinking through the Trump/Biden/Ukraine scandal. Obviously, conspiracies abound in it.
Local governments provide the broad infrastructure of reactive and proactive civil services to residents and visitors. It often happens, however, that the offices and the people staffing the offices of a local government themselves pose a very real threat to residents and visitors.
ABC Misrepresents 2016 footage from a gun range display as footage of an attack in Syria
CIA and FBI caught editing Wikipedia articles.
Head of US foreign propaganda arm becomes head of NPR and no one questions it
If I have an hour to kill and wanted to youtube something to give me an insight of what kind of conspiracies there are, what should i youtube?
Disney unveils new mascot...
More evidence we are lab rats and being culled. The problem is deep and wide spread.
A former Big Apple human rights lawyer was shot and killed on the tiny Pacific island where she was the acting attorney general
Someone answer this, Nikolas Cruz Parkland Shooting
What the elite fear most is us remembering the truth; Remembering just how strong our thoughts and emotions are, and how much we can help create peace on Earth!
Is the government just trying to continue the prison business with drug laws?
Rational Wiki - Thoughts -
CNN allegedly ordered staff to destroy secret Clinton documents
We found evidence of life on Mars in the 1970s, former Nasa scientist says
Edward Leedskalnin - Coral Castle - Reading Suggestions
NASA Astronaut Says We've Already Found Life on Mars
Which Youtube channels would you recommend to people within our community
TRUTH if you can handle it. Is this a submission statement? This place.....
Suicide is the leading cause of death for males aged 20-50 in the U.K.
"(Berlusconi) star witness was planning a tell-all book in which she claimed Satanic rituals were performed at the parties in Villa Arcore near Milan."
I bet mainstream academia claims this was build with ‘copper chisels’
The Obama administration hired an unprecedented number of journalists and spouses of media CEOs
Strange slip of Meghan McCain. She says that you can't kill her dad AGAIN.
The porn media is forcing interracial porn despite it gaining less profit and lesser popularity than other channels.
You did 9/11? We forgive you, master.
With the looming collapse of professional sports and the whole paid athlete industry, it make you wonder how they new a month ago to pass legislation to allow sponsored college athletes.
I got banned from r/GretaThunberg because I posted this.
The Epstein Files - Official Trailer Intro - An Into The Deep Documentary Series
I got suspended for 3 days on Reddit as a whole for calling out r/News mods for censoring news.
"Navy Seals &amp; US Marines Rescue 2100 Children from California Underground Bases” Fires set by DS as Diversions or Cover? Was power Shut Down in California so White Hats could Complete Op?
Daily reminder that all internet media is racist towards whites
The Real Rabbit Hole - Is this a Submission Statement? Dumb shit.
Corrupt Senators Took Ukraine Cash
Not a single mention of Hong Kong on the front page of r/WorldNews. have to go searching to find ANYTHING about HK. how is that possible?
What about the UN?
Independent Tribunal Into Forced Organ Harvesting from Prisoners of Conscience in China
We have known since (at least) 2005 Teflon gives you cancer
It turns out NASA really has been covering up the fact they found life on Mars which was discovered on July 30, 1976
WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange is Headed to Court in Britain for Extradition Hearing. Does the deep state wants Assange in the U.S. so he can likely receive the Jeffrey Epstein treatment?
The Real World
Humans Will Never Live on Another Planet, Nobel Laureate Says. Here's Why.
Analysis of food products reveals Opium, rat hair and beaver anal secretions. A natural flavoring called castoreum is a thick, odorous secretion obtained from the anal glands of beavers. It is used to give a vanilla flavor to some dairy products and desserts.
Interview With Jan C Harzan, Director of MUFON
What if we regularly jump dimensions?
Epstein didn't have a dead mans switch?
Update: We Found a “Staggering” 281 Lobbyists Who’ve Worked in the Trump Administration — That’s one lobbyist for every 14 political appointees, and four times more than Obama appointed in half the time.
Meghan McCain just admitted her father John McCain was killed. She says, "My father...can't kill him again, but whatever...". Who killed him and why explained in post.
Hilary will be the DNC's 2020 presidental candidate. Also, the Crimea men arrested with Rudy, Igor Fruman and Lev Parnas, are deep fakes. They do not actually exist.
Commercial break when mentioning the Israel/Palestinian situation after discussing the Chinese/Hong Kong situation
Seattle, November 3rd, 2019
The real reason we get distorted news. Operation Mockingbird and The Smith-Mundt Modernization Act of 2012 allowed for infiltration and legal propaganda. A reminder that Anderson Cooper from CNN also interned for the CIA.
Former NASA scientist says they found life on Mars in the 1970s
Symbolism
Trump church shooting video real?
Why is this allowed in US cities?
What if time travel already been discovered ..
A somewhat satirical conspiracy **THEORY** that I came up with about Amazon and PopTarts.
Now we know why Bolton was removed - Even he couldn't support Giuliani's illegal activity - Sent adviser to NSC lawyer
The Media Yells Cut Whenever Trump Challenges War and Militarism — When it comes to substantive issues that the elite all agree on (such as foreign policy), there is little to no pushback against the president, excepting when he utters statements that are read as critical of war and militarism.
God bless Japan. It seems beautiful but it is horrible if you're in Japan 😔😞
Why did r/news mods remove this comment on a thread about ABC news faking footage?
Cops get away with it again
God bless Japan. It seems beautiful but actually it's horrible if you're in Japan 😔
recently I stumbled across this "cold radiaton"/free energy demonstration - and really wanted to do a video on it
Still fresh in mind.
HPV Vaccine For All: The Obscene Public Farce In Our Midst
HPV Vaccine For All: The Obscene Public Farce In Our Midst
Turkey's military operation in Syria: All the latest updates
So much for that Facebook liberal bias
Truthstream Media - Technocracy: I Never Voted for This, Did You?
HPV Vaccine For All: The Obscene Public Farce In Our Midst
The World War 1 Conspiracy
Is it a Big Conspiracy in r/news Trolls? I got PERMANENTLY BANNED from r/news for posting this news link
What’s your theory on what “this” is?
More than an athlete
Greta Thunberg: is it to sell people the building of almost 4000 Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) facilities by 2050?
Xi Jinping may have banned Winnie the Poo because of trauma based programming
Don J. Easterbrook is Professor Emeritus of Geology at Western Washington University. Easterbrook was educated at the University of Washington, where he received the BSc in 1958, the MSc in 1959, and the PhD in 1962.
Do we live in a simulation?
Massive Election Fraud Destruction Of Ballots!
Hmmmmm… the pro China subreddits are somehow growing faster than r/Hongkong?
Can anyone give some insight into this, please. US Navy Seals and Marines rescue 2100 children from underground tunnels in California
US water is 'fortified' with fluoride, a chemical supposedly good for your teeth. Besides porn and media tricks THEY have used public water to dumb-down and soothe the nation.
Teacher from MSD high school describes the shooter. “Why are the police here? This is strange. Cause he’s in full metal garb. Helmet, face mask, bulletproof armor, shooting a rifle I’ve never seen before.”
The Freemasons are planning the start to the 3rd World War
The atomic bomb hoax 1945-2019 - Earn Euro 1M, if you can prove me wrong
We know that our blood is important. But what do we know about 'blood'?
This is lighthearted, so no politics. Do you think the argument between Kevin Smith and Sean Evans was preplanned, or do you think it is honest?
Eva Bartlett's reporting in Ukraine, citizen asks "Why does the US support Ukrainian Nazis?"
Psywar Documentary
Psywat Documentary
[Corbett Report] Kentucky is in Syria (and other anomalies of MSM geography) - #PropagandaWatch
r/Ufos will not post any video until they are reviewed. And all the content is garbage. Comments are set to new, and only allow 150 characters in title.
Its one big club and u aint in it
2100 kids rescued from bunkers? Is this BS? Blackout diversion? No other sources
Can someone explain this?
The sun is a planet not a star
Israeli soldiers heckle, belittle this Arab reporter
turkish delight
#nuclearban
Blizzard mods still censoring posts. Also Blizzard silenced my Overwatch account for saying "FREE HONG KONG"".
Shady Cops
I think CPC minders are among us
After threatening to send ISIS terrorists to Europe, Trump proclaims that fled ISIS terrorists are Europe's problem.
Was Journalist Jen Moore Killed After Contacting Authorities About Bill Clinton?
Question about Zeitgeist movie
This video claims to know how UFOs work by manipulating Electromagnetic Fields using a Microwave Frequency Generator... The video has CNN and Fox and other news outlets clearly confirming that UFOs are real, it even has NAVY Pilot/Rocket Scientist confirming "Squares" inside glowing circles?!
This is the third time I’ve been recommended a related sub after a controversy involving China.
This is the "deadline" year and aliens will reveal themselves soon
When we think about these protests going on now in Ecuador, I think we should also be thinking about Julian Assange and his persecution. Let me explain.
Turkish NBA Kanter on Turkey: Haven’t seen/talked to my family 5 years, Jailed my dad, My siblings can’t find jobs, Revoked my passport, International arrest warrant, My family can’t leave the country, Death Threats everyday, attacked/harassed, Tried to kidnap me in Indonesia, FREEDOM IS NOT FREE.
Supposed False Flag Attack in Seattle WA. Sources say it will happen around century link stadium? Seahawks vs Buccaneers -end of daylight savings time? 11-03-19 bomb detonation - facial recognition as product of event. What did you hear?
The Mystical Meaning of Amen By Sir Ramatherio
Abc reporting on syria be like
The False Gospel of Kanye West
What is the deal with all the anti China propaganda on this sub?
Hilarious “Reality” we live in. Joined twitter to support #ExposeCNN (shadowbanned btw). Please tell me who to follow. Shame.
Was anybody else watching American football on Sunday and notice a hacked sports betting commercial where it cut in the middle?
Climate Denial: A Measured Response
The Tobacco Master Settlement with it's perverse incentives now seems to be being duplicated in the Opioid crisis.
America is a Freemason Nation
America is a Freemason Nation
WHO(WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION) ISSUE
It seems like they are trying to convince us AI is good for us
Supposed False Flag Attack in Seattle WA. Sources say it will happen around century link stadium? Seahawks vs Buccaneers -end of daylight savings time? 11-03-19 bomb detonation - facial recognition as product of event. What did you hear?
“The 22 July Massacre in Norway was Fake.” M. Mathis has returned, with a series of papers which debunk the Breivik / Oslo / Utøya event in 2011. This links to part 1 of 4, published on 10/10/19
Lebron James accuses someone of not being “educated on the situation at hand” regarding Hong Kong... this dude was given a show about SJW issues that people take seriously &amp; he thinks Hong Kong citizens should be slaves to China.
#DeleteFacebook Trends After Report That Mark Zuckerberg Held Secretive Meetings With Conservative Influencers
Fake News
Media blackout: 15 year old Hong Kong girl found naked in sea, cremated within 24 hours.
First time poster, and long time lurker. I just want to show a video about HKer opinion about the protest
$1,000 reward.
#ExposeCNN is a video posted by Project Veritas showing hidden camera footage of Jeff Zucker ADMITTING that he is pushing the impeachment of Trump because of a personal vendetta against him! The President of CNN is exposed for fake news in real time and YouTube won’t upload it!
Antony Kidman (Nicole Kidman’s father) and eyes wide shut (movie)
Why apple got rid of the headphone jack
'Police', aka, 'Policy'
The End Is Near!
SS: Wanted to make a political cartoon about activity in Syria and the Middle East, but ended up going full Conspiracy Theory. I thought this would be a fitting place to post it.
There is a conspiracy to hide the true effects of climate change with confusion and misinformation, and it has infiltrated conspiracy theorist circles stronger than anywhere else. If you don't think climate change is a real human caused threat, please do watch this video to the end.
Major announcement is coming at the top of 2020
The End Is Near
Does anyone else remember seeing/hearing positive media coverage of Trump before the election?
FBI officials were 'rattled' and 'blindsided' by Trump's call for Ukraine to manufacture dirt on Joe Biden
Does anybody remember "death of an era"
What is in the briefcase from Darude Sandstorm?
Missing 411 | Invisible Beings
so true
Ronan Farrow on his new book, "Catch and Kill," and efforts to shut down his reporting on sexual abuse
Existential Crisis?? Mandela Effect??
Shadowbanned on/r/Disney? No message from mods, was not visible on new minutes after I posted
CNN once again spinning up stories to make them seem much worse than they actually are. This is about the Fortnite black hole 😑
Clarke and Dawe - The War in Iraq. Not the Previous One. The Current One. This is very relevant right now
Lake Harriet Minneapolis MN Google Earth, Google employee's field day or something more?...
Nefilim: os "Gigantes Anunnaki" que habitavam a Terra no passado (VÍDEO)
Imgur requiring accounts to see nsfw content months after requiring phone numbers to register accounts
Why voting is so pushed on everyone?
PLEASE help me find out what happened to my husband!
Anthony Bourdain helped get Ronan Farrow’s Harvey Weinstein exposé to the public
Saw this sticker on the back of a car at my college and had to take a sneaky pic - Looked it up and it is a local fitness company. Why this symbol though?
Open letter to the AI community: An invitation to ponder
A Deep-Dive Into Pedogate
All this left-right fighting reminds me of a passage from pale horse
Apparently there is a pediatric ADHD medication called Monarch ETNS..... probably just a weird coincidence..................
Some thoughts about Psyops (or trauma based mind control)
The Podcast(ish) Podcast - Ep. 59 - "Church Corruption" - [Description in Comments]
CNN Insider Blows Whistle on Network President Jeff Zucker’s Personal Vendetta Against Trump
Cut scene in Eyes Wide Shut
National Enquirer Allegedly Ordered Staff to Shred Several Secret Trump Documents
Subreddit Statistics for r/conspiracy
This sub is officially over
Several articles from the 90s and early 00s about Jeffrey Epstein, well before his dark secrets were exposed, have been scrubbed fr the internet in recent years. We obtained several of them &amp; when you read them, its easy to see why they were taken offline.
ABC uses 2016 footage from a gun range display to represent the fighting in Syria
Sign of the times...
Portland ANTIFA attempting to hide information on death
How to handle Cobalt60?
Taughannock Falls - Ancient Megalithic Structure Hidden In Plain Sight
Statement from President Trump regarding Turkey’s actions in northeast Syria.
PART 1: CNN Insider Blows Whistle on Network President Jeff Zucker’s Personal Vendetta Against POTUS
Tech CEO from Utah who turned up dead in San Jose, CA last words to her parents were that she’s in the Matrix. She had no history of mental illness.
Is the True History of the World Hidden From us?
Thought provoking Egyptian art
About The Meme Problem...
Veritas Strikes Again: Exposes CNN's 'Anti-Trump Crusade', Zucker's 'Personal Vendetta' Against Trump
Is the biggest conspiracy that we are made to feel powerless?
ABC Admits To Using Fake Footage Of Kurdish 'Slaughter'
A New York Times investigation has found that Russia bombed four Syrian hospitals.
Is this real guys?
Has anyone heard about this? I haven't found much on it. Any info would be awesome.
Unbelievable free energy claims, part one: cold radiation
How to handle Cobalt60?
PART 1: CNN Insider Blows Whistle on Network President Jeff Zucker’s Personal Vendetta Against POTUS
This is what will to America if Democrats are elected.
About The Meme Problem...
clip of the Joe Biden gay orgies comment?
Powerful Trump Speech: “We Are Under Assault !”
AG Barr Speaks Out Against Demonic Enemies of America!
What’s with all the new/inactive accounts sharing anti-Chinese government stuff on Reddit? What’s the end goal of doing this?
What a coincidence, there’s one missing
Specific reason why they killed Kubrick
Money: The Greatest Scam In History - What Is Money?
Having been banned from Naples and Sicily by Ferdinand IV, the Jesuits incited a popular uprising and blamed it on the absence of their Order. Consequently, Ferdinand readmitted the Jesuits and accepted the ludicrous explanation as truth.
Doctors kill Veterans at hospitals
Much needed good news for this sub
A Must-Watch For Everyone On This Sub
nothing the left says is true
This is the ad that the media doesn't want you to see (and has banned from airing)
The Empire of "The City" - Three City States: London, Vatican, District of Columbia
More Fukushima waste ends up in the Pacific Ocean
Minneapolis Antifa Mashup… crazy video
Chester Township Family Were Arrested For "Loitering" Outside Of Their Home
Something is up with this post, Reddit is not that happy about gold
Most scientists 'can't replicate studies'
Just a small list of all the times the left has seriously called for violence against Trump and his supporters
Democrats generally believe the news. Republicans generally don't.
Really strange website here
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Meisiqw Rhinestone Simulated Diamond Water Droplets Silver Plated Cubic Zirconia Earring Jewelry Women Dangle Earrings
Fuck Trump's taxes, let's see his flight logs since 1995. From what little I've fou d, his tail number landed within hours 9f epsteins on several occasions.
It's called conspiracy theory for saying the elites want a world goverment
The racism tool
"Control Factor" Must Watch For Everyone On This Sub
Israeli Research Fellow Claims she has Been in Contact with ISIS and Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (Check the Comments for More Information)
PART 1: CNN Insider Blows Whistle on Network President Jeff Zucker’s Personal Vendetta Against POTUS
WHY IS TRUDEAU WEARING A BULLETPROOF VEST?! PAPER MENTIONS "THE PLAN"
I think Putin is extorting Trump. Anyone else? I'm curious what it could be ...
More false representations by the MSM without fact checking. Dawn Hochsprung was the school principle of the Sandy Hook shooting in 2012 where she was killed. During the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013, her picture was used as a witness to the bombings when a caller name Donna shared her experience.
It's all about the benjamins.
Looking for Video on Whistleblower in Secret Alien Experimentation on Children
More false representations by the MSM without fact checking. Dawn Hochsprung was the school principle of the Sandy Hook shooting in 2012 where she was killed. During the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013, her picture was used as a witness to the bombings and used the name Donna...Dawn hmm
Looking for Chemtrail and Las Vegas Videos that I Originally Found Here
This is an Antifa conspiracy written all over it!
Model witness testifying against Italian ex PM Berlusconi died in mysterious circumstances, and authorities pressure family to have funeral immediately.
Massive Election Fraud Destruction Of Ballots!
Honestly, I could see the Kurds letting those ISIS prisoners out so that it plays on the emotions of the public and we have to stay there or go back or whatever.
Ghost was caught in a video frame in the house
You guys have to help me find the joke for this punchline.
Nazi was trending on twitter, had literally 50k tweets under that # and now its gone. Within 20 minutes
Did the CIA use drugs (conversation dis-inhibitors) while interviewing "journalist" Bob Woodward of the Washington Post and "statesman" Tom Countryman, formerly of the State Department?
I was surprised this was funded by Philip Morris...
Jeff Besoz's dream since high school is the breakaway civilization. He wants the planet to be like a national park with no humans residing on Earth. Do you think he's gonna bring poor people to space with all his buddies or just take them out...lol
Two years ago Catalan politicians held a referendum to seek their independence and liberty. The referendum passed. 2 years later Spain is throwing those who organized it in jail for an aggregate of 100 years.
Project Veritas is probably working with cnn.
America’s Military Empire [1:11:17] Documentary uploaded a day ago that should go down well among conspiracy subjects
CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker’s wife is a long time friend of Ghislaine Maxwell
Trump's latest conspiracy theory is that the Kurds released ISIS prisoners to pull the US back into Syria
Richard Doty the Disinformation Agent
Top results when googled Santa Claus evidence. There’s hard evidence shown and there’s hard evidence not shown. I picked Santa because most adults can agree he’s not real. Now when you go into more controversial matters (like conspiracies) the hard evidence is still skewed to one side
Do you think the media might be controlled?
I decided to compile a massive list of all of the media fake news #exposecnn
WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange is Headed to Court in Britain for Extradition Hearing
Michael Jackson estate unlimited funds to fight Twitter battles
Strange orange glow in CA night sky?
Selective Perception Puzzle Mystery: What do you see?
ABC news trying to pass gun range videos as combat footage from Syria
Ecuadorian army truck driving through crowd with chinese characteristics and neither reddit nor the media bat an eye
Daily reminder that Assange was killed on 10/16/16. For anyone who's new or who didn't follow the internet blackout, the resulting scramble for the encryption key in the blockchain, here is the now semi-forgotten rundown.
60 Minutes Videos Special Investigation Spies Lords and Predators
ABC NEWS another name not to be trusted...
Michael Jackson "The Jews Do It On Purpose"
Christian Sharia watch: State Department home page promotes "Being a Christian Leader"
[Podcast] UFC Fighter Bryce Mitchell discusses conspiracy theories, property taxes and CTE
Kurt Eichenwald, US journalist, posts picture of earthquake damage from 1983 and claims it’s from current Syria action
Truth about Santa &amp; X-Mas that your kids should be taught.
You can't support socialism and be pro-HK at the same time. HK is revolting against socialism which is why they're waving American flags and singing the national anthem.
Bob Rae &amp; The Laurentian Elite Sure Are Desperate To Keep Their Criminal Asses From Being Exposed !
William Barr and Opus Dei, the Secretive Ultra-Conservative Catholic Organization That Poses an Existential Threat to Democracy and Pluralism
Creep Trudeau Wasting Tax $ Sending Propaganda Letters To Girls!
Some reasons the MSM constantly gets caught showing bullshit and shouldn't be trusted
Amanda Lang Exposes Trudeau Tyranny!
Judicial Watch accuses US Ukraine ambassador of spying on journalists and NATO intelligence assets for their political opposition to Biden and Soros
What the elites have planned for us seems terrifying
Buzz Lightyear is just a play on words
One of the biggest conspiracies of all is the modern-day rat race, the constant struggle to survive and the constant bombardment of news and marketing inhibiting our ability to hear the Voice of God.
With the impeachment and promising to confiscate guns and give illegal immigrants free healthcare, it's seems as if the Democrat politicians are TRYING to get Trump re-elected. I wonder if that's the big conspiracy behind all of what we are seeing.
Scrubbed Reports Reveal New Secrets Into The Prince Andrew-Jeffrey Epstein Relationship (Whitney Webb 10/14)
Young woman punched in head outside rally (raw)…
Remember when....
Humanoid attacked an American in the woods. that it's an Alien or a mysterious creature. Hunter set a trap for wild boar in the forest in the bushes in the night strange sounds. hunter went to see what was there in the bushes was greeted by a strange creature similar to the alien
Strange Anomalies At Bottom Of Ocean Near North Antarctica
All of this "muh china" obvious bullshit is an attempt to shift the heat from ashkenazi jews.
Spare us the crocodile tears you fucking warmongers.
Here's a video of Project Veritas confirming what we already know about CNN
Project Veritas CNN Whistleblower video
The World War 1 Conspiracy
What Search Engine do you use when researching theories and looking for evidence?
Both political parties in the US benefit from illegal immigration and that's why they work so hard to not solve the issues that lead to illegal immigration in the US.
WWI experts? What 'results' are being undone?
More Fun: CNN's Panties Pulled Down!
Wag The Dog (1997) should be required viewing for everyone in this subreddit
It seems that duckduckgo is curating their search results. A search for 4chan with safe search off yields no results for the actual site.
All press is good press.
Black People Are Still Slaves Due To Islamic Sharia Law &amp; Arab Racial Supremacy, Things Globalist Politicians Promote!
Journalist and New York Times bestselling author Kurt Eichenwald posted an image showing child victims from a 1983 earthquake in attempt to pass off the photo as a consequence of President Trump pulling U.S. forces out of Syria.
Plum Island &amp; Lyme Disease
The World War 1 Conspiracy
Alex Jones Show Live Feed Which Will be Showing The CNN WhsitleBlower Release Today from Project Veritas
We live in a simulation ( Solid Reason )
Top 10 “Best” Pedo-Harvesting Foster Care System States Countdown: #5 Florida… where Epstein, Clinton, Prince Andrew, Ghislaine Maxwell Having orgy parties
What conspiracy theory did you deny initially, but now you fully believe every word of it?
Bags of debris from Fukushima disaster swept away in typhoon
Could someone please pm me a subreddit where there is real conspitacy and none of this shill ridden politibot bs?
Doing a paper on his mind control is used to manipulate society
The Epstein Files - Official Trailer Intro - An Into The Deep Documentary Series
Why isn't Simone Biles being talked about at the Greatest Athlete Of All Time?
Are these subreddits being targeted by bots/shills for astroturfing or is it completely organic?
ABC uses footage from gun show and tries to pass it off as Turkey firing on Kurdish border town in Syria
ABC News just attempted to pass gun range videos as combat footage from Syria
SHOCK POLL: Trump Gets Support From 32% of Black Male Voters Against Democrat Opponent
Strange image on advertisements in my facebook
I realize this isn't the best place for politics, but what do you all think of Andrew Yang?
The Columbus Conspiracy: Columbus as the bastard son of Pope Innocent VIII and an agent in the war for the New World
British Internment Camps - Journalist Tom Willis uncovers UK government plans for internment camps in mainland Britain.
Happy Native Murder Day!
What celebrity death is mostly likely to be a fake?
CNN about to become the most DISTRUSTED news source.
Amidst the “Trump scrutiny” ? Or amidst the revealing of your crimes? Which is it?
Wow Disney pedophiles are emerging since the Epstein incident!
JP Morgan Chase drug bust - one of the most historical drug busts in U.S. history - absolutely no one is talking about it anymore
Columbus Day: Marking the the beginning of the slave trade in the Americas and genocide of natives.
Columbus Day: Marking the the beginning of the slave trade in the America's and genocide of natives.
"Horrific Video" of Trump Shooting Media. Watch it before it is Deleted. (Full Article in SS)
WAKE UP: Trump Impeachment is a Distraction from Epstein Murder
Everything you've heard about Syria is a lie - Eva Bartlett on Press TV explains western and Zionist agenda against Syria, use of terrorists
Who remembers last year's post recruiting redditors for their North Pole mission?
The centuries old evil plot, to enslave the hearts and minds of the Caucasian race
Mainstream media won't let go of "Paul is Dead"
this is a tool to stop ppl from thinking out loud. When the truth is wrong we are fucked!
We have failed when a child is trying to defend a pedophile.
Jason Whitlock: "The NBA Answers To Nike" And Nike Is Using NBA To Go After Trump's Policies
ABC is using video from Knobb Creek annual machine gun shoot as Turkish attack on Kurds in Syria
The Wall on the southern border of the US is just a political football/stunt. And in fact both parties used to discuss wanting it. It was a false security blanket for the American people that Democrats and Republicans used to push for, and the thing that gets overlooked is reform to Mental Health
I don't believe ADHD exists
Meet the Money Behind The Climate Denial Movement
Who is Salvatore Cesar Pais? All we know so far is that he is the person working with the Navy to patent UFO technology. Does anyone have any info on who or what he actually is?
Syrian Crisis Actors
The Clash of Real Information and MSM's "Shared Facts"
State Of The World &amp; Your Health
While you were all distracted from the power outage, CA governor passes 15 gun control laws including red flag laws
Trump has been calling out China since 2016 and you all ignored it. Trump called out the DNC, Deep State, NWO, MSM and the major social media platforms for rigging elections since 2016 and you all ignored it. They've been censoring almost all pro-Trump news since 2016 and you all ignored it.
Whats the best place to hide a present?
Steve Pieczenik on Kurdish Opportunists
CCTV footage released by HKDI of 15y.o student who was found dead in the sea in Hong Kong appears to be edited (notice the time in the clip goes from 56sec to 57, then back to 56)
Attack on November 3rd, predictive programming
[x-post from /r/samplesize] For my Bachelor's Thesis I am searching for participants that are convinced of alternative theories
CCTV footage released by HKDI of 15y.o student who was found dead in the sea naked appears to be edited (notice the time in the clip goes from 56sec to 57, then back to 56)
*Actual border-wall not a photo-op shot
ABC News tries to pass the Annual Knob Creek Machine Gun Shoot as "Slaughter in Syria"
Whatever happened to that giant migrant caravan that was coming to the border that everyone was so upset about?
Welcome to the Future. PsHolix (Global 3D display industry: View 3D content on displays without the need of 3D glasses) is Going Public! Please use the referral code- pshibo31 to receive an additional 5% discount. Register for the IBO today
Warning to Hong Kong
The Hong Kong agenda
EXPOSÉ
One of Britain's most prolific pedophiles dies under suspicious circumstances in prison at the age of thirty three.
Anyone know why this comment is now [Deleted][Removed]?
Here's Your JOKER MOVIE CONSPIRACY RABBIT HOLE
Former New York congressman Gary Ackerman linked to Paul Bonacci and Johnny Gosch?
Here we go again
Peter Schweizer’s book “secret empires” reveals staggering corruption by big name American politicians. It is being spun as either a “republican hit job” or a “breathtaking work of journalism.” What do you think?
ABC news is trying to pass gun range videos as combat footage from Syria
The Deep State is Real....*and why that's a good thing!*
McLovin is actually the Joker
Why is Hollywood still such a messed up place?
VACCINES CAUSE AUTISM
Climber scaling the replica wall V's actual wall
I came across a piece talking about Obama being executed at gitmo. What are your thought about this?
More of the same from the NBA
Lets Talk about the LHOHQ
Is Hollywood still such a messed up place?
UFO Sighting from a Hurricane Doriane Rescue Boat
Humanoid attacked an American in the woods. that it's an Alien or a mysterious creature. Hunter set a trap for wild boar in the forest in the bushes in the night strange sounds. hunter went to see what was there in the bushes was greeted by a strange creature similar to the alien
Is FBI really watching?
Looking at the Moon tonight. Don’t you think that fucker should turn?
Jeffery Epstein’s black book
This sub will delete this post b/c China is in control of weed!
Monsters Inc was about elites scaring children with monsters (sex) into producing adrenochrome
Internet outages (Spectrum) in SoCal.
Friendly reminder: Assange is still imprisoned in the UK because the Trump administration has requested his extradition to the US.
Have you ever dreamed of something and it happened later?
Mr. Robot Season 4 Episode 2 Opening, New World Order
Go go gadget, screen capture software
Video: Israeli army torturing peaceful muslims praying
What kind of coded language / deep state jargon are you privy to, that others may have not been exposed to?
A long article but for those willing to learn the truth its worth reading
Predictive Programming In Video Games
I think I know where the upside down is. (Stranger Things)
"Reagan" by Killer Mike is eye-opening.
A user in /r/Drama uncovers a vegan conspiracy to brigade threads on Reddit
USA government propaganda is supporting the Hong Kong protests
uh what's going on with puff bar??
Pedophile Lawyer Alert - everyone knows who she is
uhh what's going on with puff bars?
Abiogenic Petroleum: Peak Oil and “Fossil Fuels” – Debunked w/ Greg Quinones #241
Yeah, right ...tell me, how many people have died from measles in America since 2000? Spoiler alert: less than 10!
could someone please give me a link to dark web
Digital Genocide: I May No Longer Be Able To Support President Trump And You Are Probably Next
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 12/?
Vegas Shooting - "Helicopter Theory" break down of John E. Cullen's work by Mr Cullen himself.
Get your flu shot, even if it's the wrong strain, it'll still help! Oh wait JK it's actually the opposite...
I spent the night in room 322 in an attempt to debunk an old Reddit mystery/conspiracy from 2013. I thought I had put it thoroughly to bed until right before check out
$12K a Day: How White Liberals Profit From Pushing ‘White Privilege’. White liberal academics can earn more in a day lecturing about their own “white privilege” than the median black household makes in three months.
Question: why all of a sudden all websites are updating their privacy policy?
Bill Barr's meeting with Fox News chairman should raise questions
Epstein Online Documentary
Why is youtube shilling this &lt;2 year old website when they have nothing but contempt for small media?
Dozens of death investigations across the country were complicated or upended when transplantable body parts were taken before a coroner’s autopsy was performed.
Trump, Ally With This Woman To Liberate California From Communism!
Remember -moose - "Would you like to know more?" His sub got co-opted. Here is some of his archives.
U.S. Cash For Ukraine Gas = Why Hunter Biden Got 150-200 K Per Month From Burisma
Top three results when googled Santa Claus evidence. Do we really have infinite information in the palm of are hand?
10 Ways White Liberals Perpetuate Racism
Macabre Video of Fake Trump Shooting Media and Critics Is Shown at His Resort
Some proof might emerge about Big oil conspiring to attack teslas share price in connection with well timed media articles
Syria "crisis" - the cycle continues
Not sure what’s going on here . What’s are your guys thoughts
The Catholic Church burned down Notre Dame on purpose
"Time not spent on the most important conspiracies against mankind is wasted" - paraphrase
Reddit and the media is pro war? What happened???
Theory: Trump wants to be impeached.
Google is worthless now
Tiblar.com is the first Social media site to include online sales for your social media including music. Currently they are holding a contest first person to reach 1,000 followers Gets $100.
Let’s create a scenario......
Any information on the REAL Hawaii Missile story?
Warren’s LGBTQ townhall exchange was scripted
Going to let you in on a secret...
Twitter’s ‘head of editorial’ for Middle East is officer in British Army’s information warfare unit
9/11 Compilation
MAGA 2020. America is back baby. Trump will not fail. Wwg1wga.
The Detroit News: Blacks must stop licking white liberals boots
Why is it that our memories are fuzzy when it comes to the dime, but we all know for a fact that Lincoln has always been on the penny, Jefferson has always been on the nickel, and Washington has always been on the quarter?
They're trying to take down "Big Vape"
Have you seen this 1992 movie? It's similar to the Eyes Wide Shut theme and I never hear it mentioned for some reason.
Joe Rogan is trying to take down Brenden Schaub
We should be seeking the truth by following the facts no matter where that leads us.
The Dirty Truth About White Liberal Racism: "white liberals often prefer to address racial inequality at a slow pace, in an effort to maintain something fairly close to the comfortable status quo."
AngryCatfish Eric Briggs, Electromagnetism, Ra and the PX connection
Rapper M.I.A speaks out about Julian Assange and is a supporter of his.
Heath effects regarding 5G. What do you guys think about this?
So I’m supposed to believe that Reddit is censoring pro-HK posts despite pro-HK posts being plastered on virtually every sub and posts/comments critical of HK rioters are getting censored? This just happened on r/fightporn of all places
Nothing to see here, just a Pope who isn't much of a fan of Jesus Christ.
Big data is watching we, and we need decentralized applications. These are the top 10 dApps of 2019.
Google Whistleblower asks -- “Are we going to just let the biggest tech companies decide who wins every election from now on?”
NYT: how white guilt shapes the Dem primaries- White liberals are thinking more explicitly about race than they did even a decade ago, according to new research and polling. That is changing how Democratic presidential candidates are trying to win votes.
Rapper M.I.A speaks out after visiting Julian Assange.
Bernie Sanders uses "capitalist" as an insult when talking about Elizabeth Warren.
Who’s really controlling society?
The Sonic movie redesign was planned all along
Where is Rusty Shackleford?
Tlaib says Democrats have discussed detaining White House officials who don't testify
A clip about the Navy and UFO's that came out prior to the recent revelation about their Compact Fusion Reactor. In it I discuss their previous major UFO tech developments including high energy electromagnetism and room temperature super conductors. A major update episode coming soon.
CIA, FBI computers used for Wikipedia edits
Hong Kong protesters prevent someone from getting arrested by drop kicking a riot police officer. In the US our protesters are white liberal ANTIFA which is full of white kids from the suburbs. No revolution will start with white kids from the suburbs.
Which Way, Western Man?
How does Deutsche Bank operate in the USA?
CIA, FBI computers used for Wikipedia edits.
Does anyone find it weird that Alex Jones isn't talking a lot about Epstein?
Lev Parnas &amp; Igor Fruman
Chic-fil-a Mandela effect?
The midget in Joker is the penguin
Can someone explain how this reddit user gets thousands of upvotes on every single post he makes?
What space theory does no one know about?
Has anybody heard the black boxes for 9/11? I don't believe the official story but if their really was terrorists speaking on the flight audio recorder and the boxes confirm that I guess it really was terrorists.
NYT Smears Gabbard Yet Again for Going Full Tilt Against the DNC
The Ecuadorian Military is murdering protestors
How were people convinced to start smoking when the effects are so devastating?
US pulled out 2 days ago and a deal has been made between the Kurds and Syria as should have been all along, in which case Turkey would not have had 4M refugees to resettle in Syria.
"Whistleblower" Identity Leaked: It’s CIA agent Eric Ciaramella, Former Obama NSC Director for Ukraine? - Patriots' Soapbox 24/7 News Network
Does President Trump Actually Want to Win in 2020? 2020 Election Conspiracies
How the Media Helps to Propagate Mass Shootings [03:37]
Petroleum industry sees the future in massive plastic production to offset the waning fossil fuel demand.
Mickey got lost on the way to the new park.
Islamic Illuminati
Very few subs seem to work...
First time posting, had to though; one of the best reads in a long time guys, enjoy. Wish I could have posted the pic I wanted along with the link, didn’t know how, my apologies. Just look at our mans eyeballs in front of the train (halfway through). This guy had a mission nobody knew about. Yikes.
Anyone else seen a huge influx of Kurd Propaganda recently? A couple weeks ago nobody cared or even knew who they were..
Twitter is censoring project veritas with dirty tactics.
First time posting, but this was a CRAZY read.... wish I could post the photo I wanted along with a link but wasn’t sure how. Sorry. Look at our mans eyeballs in front of the train.
The Emergence of the Breakaway Civilization | Walter Bosley
Boy lover symbol on the bank behind Ali Wong on her Netflix special.
Boy lover symbol on the bank behind Ali Wong on her Netflix special.
Self contained Ion Powered Aircraft with onboard power. US patent number 10,119,527 filed in 2014.
The World of Geoengineering: A Half-Century of Earth System Experimentation
A conspiracy that started a century ago
Are humans easy to control?
Former Director of the F.B.I.'s Roles with World Trade Center Attack Context/s Criminals/Illusions Worse than Just Inter-states and Inter-branch and Military Connecticut also Inter-campuses
How Extinction Rebellion climate change zealots are paid £400 a week to bring mayhem to our streets. Activists have been paid more than £200,000 since the start of the scheme. The movement is not organic but financed. Greta thunberg and her handlers have links to the group.
All the UFO sighting since WW2 were actually military drone prototypes!
Socal fires started by a garbage truck dumping flaming garbage in high risk area.
A neighbor looks out the window and their neighbors door is open and calls the police. Police arrive on scene, look around and shockingly shoots the homeowner dead through a window at the first sight of movement. WTF?!
For those wondering about the opinions of some Turks on Turkey killing Kurds
Tomorrow there might be a Bombshell release by project veritas proving corrupt media bias
What do you think about this comment that i stumbled upon? (Beware its lengthy)
Anything Trump wants Democrats want the opposite even when its Bipartisan in nature
Satanic Perversion Ritual - infliction of pain on children. Presented as funny.
The Deep State Shakeup: Change is Beckoning
Skippy is still free.
Does anybody have any really good documentaries about the Georgia Guidestones? Really interesting IMO
You already know the truth about alex
Mike Cernovich &amp; Alan Dershowitz
NWO = Tourist paradise?
Trump: “Very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the Turkish Border, for a change. Those that mistakenly got us into the Middle East Wars are still pushing to fight. They have no idea what a bad decision they have made. Why are they not asking for a Declaration of War?”
Is Bill Maher covering for the pedo kabal?
Comedians and ties to accidents
Erdogan jailed the man who made and posted this on Facebook.
Trump's Business Interests in Turkey
Pentagon Boss: We’re ‘Evacuating’ Syria. U.S. Officials: No, We’re Just Stepping Out of Turkey's Way.
Slides from a Cambridge Analytica presentation
[Shitpost] Automods are preparing the younger generation for an entire society run by AI
Slides from a Cambridge Analytica slideshow...
PsHolix (Global 3D display industry: View 3D content on displays without the need of 3D glasses) is Going Public! Please use the referral code- pshibo31 to receive an additional 5% discount. Register for the IBO today
Documentary suggestions
/r/HistoryPorn post about the 1945 impact of a B-25 into the Empire State Building. Any mention of 9/11 results in comment nuked, user permabanned.
Do you think the media might be controlled?
Yes America has been making the world a better place with Democracy
Joker Soundtrack Features Song by Convicted UK Paedophile | Hollywood has no morals
Do you think the media might be controlled?
Once Upon a Time, there were 3 people sitting on a room
What if love really is the answer, at the beginning at least
3 Keys To 9/11 Truth
How Israeli doctors enable the Shin Bet's torture industry
Skinny little Patrick Crusius might weigh 160 pounds soaking wet. So, who is the much larger guy who turned himself in on August 3, 2019? According to court documents Patrick is 6 feet 220 pounds. That is obvious bullshit.
How Can Europe Stop the Great Replacement?
Nytimes fabricating War Propaganda against Russia
[META] Notice the pattern? Watch the new page, 30 minutes without any new post. Then post something the shills don't like....suddenly new page is flooded with 7 new posts within 5 minutes to drown out the post they don't want upvoted to the hot page.
cyanide oxide - United States Patent and Trademark Office Search Results
This is the ninth day of protests in Ecuador against a series of changes that have left the rich people richer and the poor people poorer. There has been some deaths already and yet i haven't seen anyone talk about this ...
Jan 2019 article on Turkey wanting to go into Syria regardless of US troops
What is the difference between China vs. Hong Kong now, and what the West has done to the Middle East over the past 20+years?
Secrets Fall from the Sky
It's important to keep every aspect of one's life moderated, even work.
Fox News owner Rupert Murdoch said his News Corporation is "just like the Jesuits" while speaking at Georgetown University. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
The metaphysics of Soren Kierkegaard. How the media and the crowd keep passionate individuals from taking action.
The Colombian Banana massacre.
Roundup (glyphosate), MMR and Autism - A Toxic Connection. Dr Stephanie Seneff Phd (M.I.T.) presents astonishing evidence of the out of control poisoning of food/water and vaccines. Practically all epidemic diseases today are linked back to Roundup.
Turkish-led forces film themselves executing a Kurdish captive in Syria... how convinent.
Bernie Sander’s Foreign Policy of warmongering.
A lawyer said that more than 8000 children were abused by Milwaukee archdiocese priests.
What is Truth? A Documentary
What's the agenda behind the MGTOW movement?
Scientist Behind the Navy's "UFO Patents" Has Now Filed One for a Compact Fusion Reactor: A set of bizarre patents assigned to the U.S. Navy that describe radical new technologies could absolutely revolutionize the aerospace field, and frankly, the very way we live our lives.
Just as planned: IS members escape as Turkish forces approach key Syrian town
Tulsi Gabbard: The DNC and Corporate Media Are Rigging the Election Again
Anyone else unable to post things that mock China?
Potential extremists do get firearms support to tip off peaceful nations for the professional looters to come in.
Listen to The Mysterious Mr. Epstein podcast series
It's a real "LOL" conspiracy if Rolling Stones does an editorial about "Paul is Dead" right?
I am renting from my roommate, I found this on the wall. Should I be concerned?
There was an article which is deleted by now, where it stated that 1000 girls died due to Bill gates vaccines. Is that true? Or its a conspiracy theory?
Julian Assange Reaches End Of Prison Sentence, Judge Refuses To Release Him
Why isn't this photo circulated on mainstream media( YouTube, American media, Uncle Jeffrey epstein chilling with Messiah Bill gates? Is Billy boy involved? Recently his wife donated 1 billion for women empowerment, ironic!
Despite knowing uncle Jeffrey's shady reputation, Bill gates( Messiah) once met him. He is a good man with excellent PR team, owns media and saves the world! People buy it!
Big Pharma misinformation campaign???
Top 10 “Best” Pedo-Harvesting Foster Care System States Countdown: #6 Pennsylvania… don’t throw up yet as this is only #6
The latest episode of The Blacklist and Epstein
Epstein was at the location of an unsolved womens murder on the Queens property? Help find time line
Bill Gates Met With Jeffrey Epstein Many Times, Despite His Past
Protect and Serve
Nazi nuclear waste from Hitler's secret A-bomb programme found in mine
The Game is Much Much Bigger Than The Left Vs Right Divisive Politics Paradigm - Order From Chaos: I Pet Goat II, Superbowl 53, False Flags and Illuminati Elite Rituals
Non-mainstream perspective on the Hong Kong unrest
ISIS is a Manufactured Enemy and War is a Racket
Is it not a bit weird that we announce we're pulling out of the middle east...
Boycott Black Friday: We no longer need to feed into their over consumption
Anti depressants
Deepak Chopra vs. Mother Teresa | Who is the more enlightened leader?
Halloween Tales (The Indian Lake Project )
Potential false flag attack in Seattle on 3.11.19 - Sunday 3 November
POTENTIAL FALSE FLAG IN SEATTLE ON SUNDAY NOVEMBER 3 - 3/11
'ELMO' - is there a deep meaning behind the name?
Is Joe Rogan being used to push military propaganda?
Is 'The Illuminati' just Hollywood's stage name?
'ELMO' - is there a deep meaning behind the name or was a just a cute sounding name that came out of nowhere?
Another Recession 2020
Little devil with horns frightened the tourist. a tourist was walking through the forest with a camera, in the forest he found a strange tree with legs, there was a strange creature with horns hiding. the tourist managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera
Turkey's Islamic militants murdering civilians in northern Syria, female Kurdish politician and women's rights defender Hevrin Khalaf among those killed [NSFW video]
American Taboo. Don’t tell the boys what circumcision was done to them at 2 days old. Deny the fact that circumcision is an ancient blood sacrifice ritual that continues under the veneer of medicine.
What medicines/procedures are not well known in the mainstream that you feel ought to be known?
Some of my conspiracy theory
My personal opinions on the incident of Epstein
The truth behind giants and cannibalism and the illuminati
Facebook’s viewership metrics were inflated by 150 to 900%. Companies throughout the U.S shifted their strategy to video. Companies went bankrupt, people lost jobs, FB gets away with 0.18% of annual income ($40M / $22B), a slap on the wrist.
Thread locked by moderators because people started to wonder why the building didn't collapse at free fall into its own footprint.
Ad Astra and discouraging space exploration!
How self-aware is the average Jew in his/her hatred for white people?
A growing minority of physicists think faster than light (FTL) travel is possible, but there's little funding on it, partially due to it being stigmatized for appearing in sci-fi films like Star Trek.
Humanoid attacked an American in the woods. that it's an Alien or a mysterious creature. Hunter set a trap for wild boar in the forest in the bushes in the night strange sounds. hunter went to see what was there in the bushes was greeted by a strange creature similar to the alien
Other than the HK protest , Ecuador is having the same situation and some of us still don’t know about it
This is why hidden forces are trying to take away Americas guns. Governments turn bad.
Chinese Colonels supported terrorism and predicted 911. 150 PLA Generals asked for copies of their book, "Unrestricted Warfare".
We cannot forget about this or let it get washed away by bullshit politics. Jeffery Epstein was our chance to prosecute many people and we was practically let go.
Who do you think Is behind all these protests?
If the world is a simulation ...
New Chinese Helicopter
IT theory
Uh guys this Redditor might have just cracked the Cali blackout
MK ULTRA | Conspiracy Theories &amp; Chill
God does not exist
Ageing 737 NG inspections
Little boy lover symbol on Ali’s special
Anyone else tripping out at the story of that missing lab worker
The reasoning behind an advertising campaign of mass consumption and spending is to deplete the populace of it's willpower. Where there's a will there's always a way.
Imagine a mind link system that connects you with your enemy
“Saudi Arabia at my request has agreed to pay us for everything we’re doing.”
Conformity on Reddit, kneel to the pale white admins
Why should I trust in the healthcare industry when medical error is the third leading cause of death in this country? When pharmaceutical companies are immune to prosecution for any injury caused by vaccines?
Free HK!
Sondland not going against Trump is ruining the witch hunt ... and pissing Dems off. *they just know there’s proof of qpq SOMEWHERE!!!*
I would like to boycott Israel. I am not Pro Israel. Do I vote democrat or Republican?
“It does not take a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brushfires of freedom in the minds of men.”
Just going to drop this right here... no agenda no hints just thinking... Dolly the Lamb... cloning... what’s the connection to Hollywood, Epstein, NWO...
Let's test other companies to see where there loyalty lies. Link the big brands to Free Hong Kong. Here's Disney.
Voter suppression and the scary apps that allowed the measuring of it
The words of the prophets are written on the subway walls.... tenement halls... seek
China’s military manual Unrestricted Warfare says events of 911 were not a random act perpetrated by independent agents. Instead, Chinese military planners believe that terrorism is just one of the many tools for them to wage total war against the United States.
This Is What The CFR Media Has Been Promoting And Protecting - Huge Cache of White Helmets Exposed Links All In One Massive Volume For Sharing and Red Pilling - Over 400 Images in 22 Files
Today's top subs; get ready for some sweet AstroTurfing
I don't know but Yesterday was the first time I took time and watched avengers endgame ( I know I am late) , but now most of the memes I see on facebook groups are of avenger endgame, like they never used to appear before but suddenly I can see them everywhere
A change is coming soon
Conspiracy Discord Server!
Does anyone have that master list of research into weed and cancer?
Theory on PG&amp;E and unexplained explosions in Northern California
Vanessa George: Britain's 'most notorious female paedophile' to be released
My conspiracy theories regarding ghost and why I think paranormal conspiracy theories are more interesting than political/government
Gordon Sondland, Key Ukraine Witness, to Testify His ‘Quid Pro Quo’ Denial Came From Trump Personally: WaPo
The most threatening move against the System is to do nothing
Just another coincidence
President Trump claimed 20 professional climbers tested the border wall and could not climb it. Here is a climber on a replica of the Trump Border Wall climbing it in 27 seconds.
Recent Influx in Boomer Memes
Another person killed in their own home by a cop. The officer was sneaking around her home at night and shot a scared woman from outside her window. Shoot first, ask questions later.
trump
I've compiled a list of the top research journalists that aree not picked up by the mainstream media
U.S. forces say Turkey was deliberately ‘bracketing’ American troops with artillery fire in Syria. IMO the US soldiers there are hostages. For no good reason.
We run everything
simpsons truth in plain sight?: i was watching an episode of the simpsons o and seen this scene. it showed like ‘e.coli’ then said ‘mascot smells like pee’ then this. they showing us that fast food is made with homeless people? it’s possible
Simon Cowell got cloned? Follow up in comments
Democrats are racists. Here's proof
First of all, Twitter is censoring the #ExposeCNN hashtag, and then when it finally shows up, this is the first tweet that appears. Twitter is so biased it’s confusing on why? Who paid Jack Dorsey to make it like this?
Are there Extinction Rebellion protests in your city right now? Are the police using this opportunity for a massive disproportionate show of force?
How do we do this?
Catfishing sugar daddy tutorials on youtube... Apparenlty scamming guys is some feminist BS
Building under construction collapses. Weird how only the structurally weak part collapsed and it didn't fall into it's own footprint...
James O'Keefe and Project Veritas claim to have a whistleblower and dirt on CNN and will expose next week. Any speculation on what they got?
The Wall Street banksters factually conspire with the drug cartels to launder money. These same financial institutions finance the campaigns of prohibitionist politicians.
Part of CIA document talking about the emotional states that are created during the brainwashing process. (1956)
This Northern California business has been getting weird quickly. What's going on???
What's the Turkish attack on US troops a false flag operation?
Are there any websites that saved old Alex Jones streams?
Carl Jung on the Shadow Archetype.
Any truth to The Oprah Conspiracy?
JFK demanded Israel to stop its nuclear program or face complete isolation.
[Meta] "How shall we organize society?"
similarweb.com | Paid searches
AI and Robot Bartenders in Las Vegas
Aliens 2: Electric Boogaloo
On censorship. Blizzard did nothing wrong.
WELCOME TO THE BEST YOUTUBE CHANNEL TO HAVE BEST KNOWLEDGE ABOUT TRADING SYSTEM INTERNATIONAL
Are the elites now interested in Mexican blood/ Women??
Presidents that have came out against the Military Industrial Complex have not fared too well. Good luck on this one, Trump
The country should be split in two. With half being ruled by conservative Republicans and the other half being ruled by democrats
‘March of anger’: Thousands of cops protest in Paris over working conditions, pension reforms &amp; suicides
Seattle becomes No. 1 U.S. Market for Chinese Homebuyers Who Are Scooping Up Seattle Homes
US Federal Reserve - When the Truth becomes Hate Speech and thus Deadly
Uhmmm...... I posted this and it was immediately "temporarily removed for review" after 12 days of limbo it was removed without reason. It's like the mod(s) really don't want anything discussing this.
The end game for democrats is to remove religion from society and institute their own religion of woke
The country should be split into. With half being rude by conservative Republicans and the other half being ruled by democrats
Crazy Hong Kong Cop(s) of the Day, October 12th 2019. (Undercover plainclothes, Wearing face masks, Hitting with batons, Shoving with riot shields, Firing rubber bullets)
New World Order: Who is in Charge?
Here is some crazy conspiracy. Recent studies indicated that cancer may be the result of fungus infection. Some alternative doctors suggested for years that "Candida albicans" may be one of the fungus responsible for the cancer infection. Guess where this fungus can be found in humans?
We've all been hoaxed to the point of insanity.
Hypothetically speaking, if I wanted to launder money or pay large sums of money would a lawsuit be a good way to cover the tracks.
On December, 24, 1945, a fire destroyed the Sodder family’s home in Fayetteville, West Virginia, United States. George, Jennie, and four of their nine children escaped. Their five other children were never found nor were their remains.
Lets not let the world forget that this fuckhead had dirt on some of the most powerful men on earth and was killed by them in order to not be exposed as members of an international millionaire/billionaire pedophile ring. His death has been ruled as a "SUICIDE" FOLKS.
The intelligence agencies coup against Trump will ignite Civil War ...
My introduction to everything conspiracy/secret societies aka “those who really run the world” all started here
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QoSLiHKrzRU
My introduction to everything conspiracy/secret societies aka “those who really run the world” all started here
I've compiled a list of the top journalists who have broken at least one major story that was not picked up by the mainstream media
The Conspiracy of Video Games (and it's probably not what you're thinking)
Notice How the Sub, the Replies, and The Content Are Always so Much Better on the Weekends, When all The Paid Shills Are Off
Chinese app on Xi’s ideology allows data access to 100 million users’ phones, report says
"Challenge to all the engineers" free energy conspiracy.... but should be challenge to all the ditch diggers because actual mains power hidden through ground under the fan? Tada!
Aaron Russo exposes the elites agenda for a NWO
Jeffrey Epstein spotted?
Are smart meters being used to start fires in California?
MK ULTRA: CIA Mind Control Program NEW 2019
Another New Pedo-Politician Case
My husband has gone missing. I went through his laptop and saw he posted here recently.
Might not be the biggest conspiracy ever, but...
We're in a permanent coup | Matt Taibbi
Epstein and The Rich &amp; Powerful
In 1945 a bomber accidentally flew into the empire state building. Here is a picture of people stood within that building, post attack - right next to the entry point. This, along with others, is evidence of skyscrapers surviving such events. Why is 9/11 different?
Trials Of Henry Kissinger
The Second Coming of Christ by Manly P. Hall
Twitter has disabled world wide trends for me
Our parents used to " check" our candy but they secretly took what they wanted
Elon Musk claims his investigator tricked him about diver he called a 'pedo'
Bigfoot are Aliens.
Are there any conspiracy theories about Michael Eisner the former CEO of the Walt Disney Company?
California still without power
The American Civil War II - "Pro Nuke"
Why are Christianity, Islam, and Judaism constantly mislabeled as Monotheistic?
As of June 2019, Walt Disney had US$58.2b in debt
We talk a lot about all of the evil, corrupt shit that's going on...
Random or is it chapter most recent?
Jacob Rothschild’s publication admits that President Trump is trying to destroy the new world order that globalists spent decades trying to build
Old Newspaper's Read Six million Jews Died in 1915 1938 Before Hitler was in power
MI6 accused of thwarting effort to solve 1961 killing of UN chief Dag Hammarskjöld
[Documentary] Bellingcat: Truth in a Post-Truth World (dir. Hans Pool, 2019)
The Guardian has been successfully targeted by security agencies to neutralise its adversarial reporting of the ‘security state’, according to newly released documents and evidence from former and current Guardian journalists.
Tin Foil Hat Podcast with Sam Tripoli and Guest relaying information that you won’t hear in main stream or even most alternative media. Give this 9-11 and Las Vegas researcher a look-see. Don’t let the narrative die.
British Metropolitan Police officers discouraged child rape victim from reporting attack, investigation finds
The "Misinformation" Myth and the "No Trolling" Rule: The 2 Catalysts of Censorship
If the # of kids that go missing is as high as stats say they are, I wonder how many organization(s) like 'the finders' there really are?
School superintendent: White people have to ‘rewire their brains’ due to implicit biases
A Half-Decade Late, NY Post Admits ISIS Is Run By NATO Member Turkey
South Park Talks Vaccines: With the whole world watching due to show's "defiance" of China, the 300th episode was almost entirely about the vaccine debate. Let's talk about it.
At 2:25 mark onwards you clearly see the driver, turn around and fire a silver handgun with his left hand the final shot that has been witnessed by so many yet never really seen at all
The constant stories in the news in which Whites are videotaped being racist
Babylonian money magic: How it keeps us indebted and enslaved.
Mysterious creature Yeti scared a tourist
The amazon is still on fire and we all just forgot
NASA engineer's 'helical engine' may violate the laws of physics Read more: https://www.newscientist.com/article/2218685-nasa-engineers-helical-engine-may-violate-the-laws-of-physics/#ixzz629gmaAKp
Babylonian money magic: How its used to enslave and keep us indebted.
A Dell
Adam Green of Know More News shares video exposing a powerful cabal inside of Russia that no one is talking about. Mind blowing. Shared by YouTuber BAT Guts and Glory
Top 10 “Best” Pedo-Harvesting Foster Care System States Countdown: #7 Rhode Island
Why is Google funding climate change denialism?
Don't know if it's true but
A quote by Adolf Hitler I felt was appropriate for this sub.
r/ClimateChange has less than 20,000 Subs and 50 active members at any one time. Where are all the woke climate activists at? Just further evidence that the whole climate debate is drummed up by the media and not reflective of what the people are really interested in.
California adopts nation's broadest gun seizure laws. Once again, we see infringement be used to circumvent the rights that the globalists don't have the popular support to repeal.
Babylonian money magic: How money enslaves us. Here is a great post that details the Cabals control over us through the use of money.
Tin Foil Hat discusses Mystery Helicopters being spotted.
DJ Zedd banned in China for liking a South Park tweet
Zionist Overlords never stop to impress
[Showerthought] Maybe the chemtrails conspiracy was started by the government to "test the waters"?
[Tin Foiling it] The Ford owned Detroit Lions have never sniffed any greatness in the NFL because of their well documented anti-semitic past.
Trump is running his administration the same way H.H.Holmes built his murder mansion in Chicago, lots of different contractors hired and fired to avoid any individual one of them knowing the full extent of the overall fucked up plan.
Just like one can be an Atheist and choose no gods to Worship one can choose not to give their Loyalty to any sort of Government because neither gods nor governments ever gave a single F*** about you or anybody else, this I promise.
A post about Hong Kong/Blizzard locked after 1.3K upvotes?
India is using the HK situation to hide the horrible things they’re doing in Khamir
Is The Sun Liquid?
Chinese labor camp survivor talks about the experience &amp; how they were used for organ harvesting &amp; states “socialism always promises you heaven &amp; earth but gives you a one way ticket to hell”.
Lucis Trust Exposed
Will We Ever Prosecute?
Why does this look so fake?
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
UK, Making the Phones worse?
A conspiracy to suppress climate change solutions
You will never see a cure for any disease because of the brutally-devastating effect it'd have on the medicine industry
"The Testimony Of Truth" the story of Eden through the eyes of the serpent
[Tool] Single-Click Archiving Bookmarks
Blizzard's apology for the Blitzchung fallout was written by China.
Something weird is going on in Reddit...
The modern world exists because of UFOs. Story below.
Military intervention in Hong Kong. Terrible idea?
What are some genuine arguments that we have never been on the moon?
Blizzard's apology for the Blitzchung fallout may have been written by China
Going down South Park/China rabbit hole. The event was created to promote the 300th episode that covers vaccination, dismiss valid criticism against it and promotes mainstream view. When South Park was allowed in China anyway?
Do liberals really want a war with turkey over a group of Kurdish militants? Or has Reddit been taking over by propagandists?
It’s the Least I Can Do...
Soros Foundation Email Reveals Support For Hromodske TV Channel Which Promoted Right Sector Azov Nazis
Who remembers when there was 0 content on r/conspiracy mentioning our Jewish friends?
The Andromedan Council, thanks you
1965 scientist claims the moon is plasma - can anyone find any of his work?
Cartel’s numbers?
Emerald Tablets of Thoth speaking about other unseen vibrational serpent-headed beings, that crept into high positions.
The Clinton's wait to walk out to Trump's inauguration- what is being said?
IntelExchange was talking about Epstein 4 years ago....
Schweizer &amp; McLeod: Hunter Biden Helped China Acquire ‘Strategically Sensitive Assets’
Does no one find it strange how we have so much trouble getting back to the moon?
Planting Tiny Spy Chips in Hardware Can Cost as Little as $200
Amanda Bynes infertile due to Dan Schneider
What is really going on?
Vaccine Red Pill - Dr Graham Downing Exposes The Global Mandatory Vaccination Deception
Just thinking
Alleged CIA whistle blower that testified against trump was caught working with Joe Biden and the democrats
Are Victoria Secret Models secretly Escorts ?
What is up with the spam calls?
California Wildfires: Directed Energy Weapons Theory [Youtube Video]
California Wildfires: Directed Energy Weapons Theory [Youtube Video]
What's all this Blizzard bull shit distracting us from?
Warning: The American in Hell, 2090
Under the radar: Trump forces Chinese out as owners and controllers of Long Beach Port. Seems big.
No Matter What Religion You Are
:JOKES: Glenn Beck Wipes Once No Matter What... [Satire]
I think that all the sexual harassment that happened on New Years in Cologne by Middle Easterners was fabricated.
What did he done this time?
Alex Jones is Bill Hicks. This is why Alex Jones mocks and discredits the legitimate flat Earth movement. Alex Jones is a shill.
What is this?
[Jomboy] Tyler Glasnow Tips his pitches to the Astros in the ALDS, a breakdown
iphone 11?
5 Explosions During the Cali Blackout
There are some people/parties setting California on fire, ladies and gentlemen.
DId the USA start the Hong Kong uprising?
As promised UFOs from the stroke of midnight leaving Area 51
Blizzard's statement was likely written by a native Chinese speaker
Its like they're in a trance
There is a lot of pro-war and pro-middle east interventionism propaganda all over the front page.
Sesame Street Introduces A Muppet Who Has A Mother Addicted To Opiates
can anyone remember a family like the roschields called the petos?
How can I post a video from New Years 2018 with UFOs leaving Area 51 at the stroke of midnight?
Colonel Chris Hadfield, Canadian astronaut, posts a post of him and his daughter Infront of a Shanghai Disneyland, take of that what you will
We might have a picture of Adrenochrome on Derek Blasbergs Twitter.
What if the Hong Kong protests are actually a coup by the C.I.A????
Missing 411 | Strange Cases
Less than 5 seconds and -18 karma. In less than 1 minute -145. Reddit's biggest political subreddit is owned by bots.
Outer Space is Fake | CT&amp;C 10/11/19
What if thoughts were able to cause you physical pain?
*WARNING* Most People Don't Even Realize What's Around Them!
Abandoned Fort in St. Thomas
Aliens
Obvious message to anons. Q said if coms get cut.. and silence occurs.. we will still have Q+. With that being said, what can we find anons?
Did we all just forget about Jeffrey Epstein?
Hey! You ever notice?!
The Closing of Charity Hospital in New Orleans, HAARP, LSU, The US Government, and Population Control
Found this at my grandmothers house, what is this?
Conspiracy progression levels
Congresswoman Cynthia Mckinney questions Rumsfeld and Myers about 9/11 War Games.
So who's behind the anti-china propaganda?
The top post on Reddit right now is a psy-op to drum up support for Syrian intervention.
With all the controversy over Blizzard, Hearthstone and the NBA related to the Hong Kong protest, I found this a little interesting.
Another amazing image of Trump Heights unveiled by Netanyahu.... Dear leader or death...I got out of the military the day Trump was elected. Never will a traitor lead me
Judi Bari - Just read this
I'm sure I'm not the only one, but an idea occured to me (gradually, over time) and I wonder if any one here might be interested in discussing it further. (it concerns the powerful global elite, and "worshipping Satan")
A 9 year old who hasn't even gone through puberty yet but claims to be transgender encouraged by parent to the right on a major news network asking a question of a presidential candidate
Recent Image of Netanyahu unveiling the name of a town named after Trump...This is what you call the NEW WORLD ORDER. These dictators plan to enslave all of us it is written in their plans so get woke now before its too late
The reason Obama chose Joe Biden as his Vice President is because it was to pay back a huge favor to Joe Biden and his son Beaux Biden who was Attorney General of Delaware
Netanyahu Wants to Name Golan Heights Town After Trump ( he did it)
Uranium is being mined from the Grand Canyon. The process leaves big gouges in the Earth. We call the remains “canyons”. It’s just an old quarry.
Reminder: Trumps campaign is working with Israel's online army. Many bootlickers in here for Trump and israel are zionist agents.
Does the media ever cover Andrew Yang? Seems like the media should change their name to Trump News Network
Dave Chappelle ~ Sticks and CLONES
Area 51 Aliens Spotted In Public
Elizabeth Warren trolls Facebook with 'false' Zuckerberg ad | Technology
Isnt it weird how the media gives Trump all the airtime he wants and yet tries to blackball Bernie or try to smear him?
Question...does anyone have a conspiracy worthy of a talking point where the nazis and russians leaders purposely went against eachother to try to distract the other forces that were gaining on them
Samantha Bee exposes the underground network of Russian trolls who are paid to influence american elections....sadly
Did blizzard inadvertently start WWIII?
The breadth and depth of the research that has come out of the Great Awakening movement over the last few years is incredible. If you would like to catch up before Q comes back online start here. Massive Storm post that explain The Plan and events from the Las Vegas Shooting to Uranium One.
The Manufacturing of Greta Thunberg - for Consent: The Political Economy of the Non-Profit Industrial Complex [ACT I]
Let's get banned
When Americans and Russians Fought Side by Side: A Soldier Remembers
Is Blizzard inadvertently starting WWIII?
Who killed Joshua Brown? Lets find out.
Looking for researchers to assist in the Joshua Brown case from Dallas
Russians lost so many people in WW2.....their leader made a deal with the devil and then got double crossed
Thank you to everyone that has watched my videos and posts and took part. As I have said before, I am a full blown christian and am not going to take part in evil back and forths. I do appreciate everyone taking part in this discussion and realization. Thank you
Looks like one of them is targeting me for destroying the narrative
The Committee of 300 by Dr. John Coleman - YouTube
Scaramucci becomes a true patriot. Alarms all republicans, democrats and all in between that Trump will turn on everyone if we do not act quickly and take away his power. Trump is giving away all of Americas power to Russia and China
FakeHistoryPorn: Longtime anti-war r/conspiracy member tries to explain withdrawing 50 troops from Syria to the anything anti-Trump mob on Reddit
Watch the entire video of Warmbier confession. It was forced. If you notice the media that was allowed it was all Russians and Chinese and North Korea. Forced him to say propaganda. Executed him. Trump sent them money for their troubles. I am against death penalty but know Trump needs to be hanged.
Putin and Xi make pancakes while people get slaughtered in Hong Kong and their countries. Trump has made them fluffy toys. Disgraceful traitor will die accordingly based on the bible. FIRE
Steam pushing LGB mental illness+ agenda?
$650 Million Was Worth It, Eh Justin Trudeau: CBC 'Unbiased Journalists' Are Shills For Globalist Politicians!
Trudeau Liberal MP Joe Peschisolido Is Under Investigation For International Money Laundering While Seeking Re-Election In Steveston — Richmond East !
How Canadian Lying MSM Cut Off Video Showing PPC's Maxime Bernier Saying He Will Stop The $600 Million MSM Bailout !
Quick thought
I have an awesome question. Just throwing it out amongst these paid russian trolls and ignorant idiots. Why. Why. Why would there be an elitist coup against Trump, the guy who gives them the biggest tax breaks ever seen in history. There isn't. This is the biggest traitor
Justin Trudeau's Sex Crimes! Why The Hush $ Justin?!
Will be deleted 1
New Conspiracy: Donald Trumps daughter in law "Lara Trump" who is married to Donalds son Eric actually owns Inside Edition. My recent investigations uncovered this after I realized the bias of them pretending to be hard against Donald. Look it up
Inside information for some people. This is a video from 2013 when Trump was in Moscow. Same period he is accused of piss tape and raping young children. Who knows what will come of this
what's your guys opinion on the Porno industry got an theories
So is China Officially the next Boogeyman?
U.S. Arrests 10 Alleged Russian Spies
Butthurt SJW, banned from this sub, direct messages me and singlehandedly takes out the nazi threat
Butthurt SJW, that was banned from this sub, direct messages me to defeat nazism once and for all
Honest question about RT America.
The (drunken) Butterfly Effect
The man behind trying to ban bitcoin and vaping is Trumps right hand guy....the piece of garbage Mnuchin...same guy trying to ban guns...and you like this guy? russian trolls do because they are paid
Trump made this piece of garbage the Treasury Secretary...This guy, the head of wall street and goldman sachs,,is now the the treasury secretary. These guys recently printed a ton of more money to buy up more assets....are you winning? they own everything...you own nothing
Compilation of Hollywood using predictive programming to push the Russian collusion hoax
I think that Russian influence on our government and elections is nothing compared to these guys.
If I was the bad guy that the russian trolls make me out to be. Why would I post stuff like this. Why does Trump take troops out of syria and send them to saudi arabia. These are questions. (watch video in text for truth)
France Rolling Out Facial Recognition ID
Foundations
If any true patriots want to see a true conspiracy...you would honestly look at the facts that foreign troll farms (mostly russian) were hired to put Trump on a pedestool no matter what. Everyone knows it who is sincere in stopping this invasion on America by our adversaries.
Never-before seen types of particles coming UP out of Antartic ice.
WELCOME TO THIS CHANNEL TO OVERCOME FEAR,DEPRESSION AND ANXIETY
Best whistleblower in history "Edward Snowden" admits that Putin is a butcher and Trump is his puppet. Hmmmmm (Watch video in text)
Despite President Trump's public statement announcing that all US troops would withdrawal in Northern Syria, Turkey has apparently attacked US special forces who still remain there, despite the President's orders.
Compilation of Hollywood using predictive programming to push the Russian collusion hoax
Shepard Smith steps down as FOX News anchor
How much longer can we allow the guy who took saudi money after 9/11 and has been tangled with Murdoch (FOX owner) which has been bought by saudis and russians....how much longer do we listen to the lies?
WELCOME TO THIS CHANNEL TO OVERCOME FEAR,DEPRESSION AND ANXIETY
Trump says he’s ending the US role in Middle East wars. He’s sending 1,800 troops to Saudi Arabia.
Shep Smith Resigns from Fox News Only a Day After AG Barr Met with Rupert Murdoch
FBI &amp; CIA Implementing Coup On Trump?
Shep Smith Resigns From Fox News the Day After AG Barr Met With Murdoch
Communism and Socialism is Part of the Illuminati Conspiracy, and China is part of it!
What happened to QAnon???
THE TRUTH
Is China planning a war?
Shep Smith, Fox News Anchor, Abruptly Departs From Network
Shep Smith Has Resigned From Fox News
"Assange Will Probably Die in Prison" (Extradition Hearing Looms)
Would you ever believe that reddit won’t even let it be posted? Just keep saying fail.
cochlear implants are a Russian spying device
Shepard Smith gets his ass kicked by Tucker Carlson.
U.S. abandoning 'kurds' in Syria is a myth pushed by the media and warhawks.
Ukrainian Andrey Kukushkin, Linked To Giuliani Associates, Arrested In San Francisco On Campaign Finance Violations
Alternative Video Search (primarily non YouTube sources)
Eyes Wide Shut!!
The Greatest Paralympic Scandal of All Time
Synthetic dreams, would u know if your dream script were written by someone else and beamed into your head while you sleep?
Joe the DNC shill. Wtf is this bullshit
New here
Cjina isnt the reason for censorship. Its just a distraction in the news to keep people distracted from the REAL problems
The_donald died. Its members in denial
Looking for a YouTube channel?
With Chinese hands in our corporations, it's more important than ever that we look back to the Supreme Court's decision on Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission (FEC).
Erratas
Is The Economy Headed To The Dumps?
Partisan content in this sub (META)
THE JOKER FILM
Why we hate barack obama
Hot off the Fake News presses (October 2019)
(Video) A Red Pill For Your Doctor - UK Doctor Fully Debunks The Calls For Mandatory Measles/MMR Vaccination Using Available Studies
The Ellen and GWB controversy is starting to make sense
SCAD art school president makes more money than harvard president.
Just as planned:Isis militants break out of prison in Syria after bombing by Turkey
People who died shortly after saying/knowing too much.
The tied has died down.....
Adam Schiff has 2 aides who worked with whistleblower at White House
The Hunter Biden Conspiracy - 2 short must-see videos
Video of Antifa burning stolen MAGA hats outside Trump Minneapolis rally
The tied has dies down.
Patrick Crusius finally makes an appearance in court on October 10, 2019. His looks haven't changed in the two years since he graduated from high school.
Terrorist caught: Does anyone else notice different skin colors in face and foot? Doesn't it look like he has a white skin at his left foot?
Conspiracy: "All Trump supporters are nazis!! Reality: Trump supporters were chased, assaulted and had their property stolen and destroyed while walking back to their cars after last night’s rally.c
This submission statement bullshit
Coincidence?
Biometrics are quickly becoming one of the greatest enablers of evils in our time. This is only the beginning.
America's Most Famous Rabbi Says that Judaism is NOT a Religion - it's a racial group
Mentally Ill man at CNN Townhall claims it is "violence" to mispronounce his name. How much of this bullshit do we need to put up with? Have you had enough yet?
How ‘Citizens United’ Decision Paved Way for Giuliani's Clients Parnas and Fruman to Buy influence in America
Former Ambassador to Ukraine Made ‘Strange’ and Irregular’ Requests to Monitor U.S. Journalists. ...had been refusing to provide Ukrainian law enforcement officials with visas so they can deliver their evidence of election meddling and corruption to Washington
If It Bleeds It Leads: How the American Media Perpetuates and Profits from Mass Shootings
Russian troll or democrat superpac? Its getting harder to tell
Assange Spied on in Ecuadorian Embassy!
6ix9ine conspiracy w record label
Found this gem while cleaning my place up. I’ve been questioning the system since a young man. (I’m now 24 for reference)
Just ignore this. Just a photo of obama. Biden. And the swamp creatures that orchestrated a treasonous coup against American democracy
Democrats fueling the conspiracy of it being a Witch Hunt.
The dancing Israelis
Nunes says Dems will leak parts of testimony from Ukraine ambassador: Expect media 'bombshells'
Erdogan Uses terrorists as personal militia
If Trump is impeached due to wanting to Investigate corruption .. but Obama wasn't impeached for Fast and furious.. it's the end game- revolution.
What is everyone's take on the cow mutilations happening again?
Democrats turning into fascists
Right in the middle of a spiralling impeachment crisis, the Attorney General -- who has been travelling the world to promote conspiracy theories for the benefit of Trump™ -- just met with the owner of Fox News, which has spent years promoting conspiracy theories for the benefit of Trump™.
What deep state world government type of nefarious group existed during the egption pyramid times?
Omar stands up for China.
Why does the United States have such a rich history of betraying the Kurds?
Is bernie using paid trolls?
With all the attacks on Russian oligarchs and Putins attack on American democracy, they sure are silent when these oligarchs launder money through Israel into AIPAC CUI, which funds American politicians. This is Russian money paying both Democrats and Republicans doing Russias bidding via Israel.
The dancing Israelis
Unusual Horse Mutilation in Sussex England. (No blood, rectal area surgically cored out)
Donald Trump orders more troops, fighter jets to Saudi Arabia to counter Iran
(Video) Red Pill For Your Doctor - UK Doctor Fully Debunks The Calls For Mandatory Measles/MMR Vaccination Using Available Studies
Who takes the photos of the Curiosity Robot on Mars?
Epstein’s Connection To Current Events
Dystopia 2.0 is in full effect, with the bonuses of crony capitalism and draconian foreign investor's and business interest. Read more for more interesting dystopian facts!
Is it just me?
This sub and all social media platforms in general have been flooded with inorganic anti-China posts, conveniently diverting growing public attention from Israel's coup of the US Federal and State governments.
This video clip of a Hong Kong protester tells it all.
Top 10 “Best” Pedo-Harvesting Foster Care System States Countdown: #8 South Carolina
The Globe Conspiracy
Not One Drop Of Blood': Cattle Mysteriously Mutilated In Oregon
Looks like we will be okay, only the government will have access to facial recognition of their people.
Anyone else get a message like this?? I made a post yesterday about the Jewish elite in high ranking American positions, specifically Hollywood. Idk what else could’ve upset sexysexysupersexy.
Moon surface image from ISRO Chandrayaan-2 orbiter. Moon is not as beautiful as we think. But it is more beautiful than my LDR girl-friend. Here is some image of the Moon surface.
Some extremely interesting patents have been coming out of the the Navy recently, and they sound like science fiction in light of the conventional (Deep State approved) science we know of. These are patents that are fully in public view for our examination.
Chinese Muslim concentration camps
R/politics has bots deployed in their every-day Megathreads that get posted. (Less than 5 seconds I was at -18, in less than 1 minute I was at -145)
Western powers will not interfere with what the Chinease government is doing.
Marine Civil Deployment, Ca Power Out to Millions
everysince an fbi agent got his 4chan posts revealed, 4chan no longer has the (you) feature
I’m not the only one who thinks it’s weird how one-sided online comments are when it comes to “spontaneous” riots and chaos popping up in America’s geo-political adversaries, right? (Nicaragua, Venezuela, Hong Kong/China)
Another change in language: Increase in the use of the word "alien" from 103 times to 720 times to refer to unaccompanied migrant children.
JRE Compilation: Randall Carlson (and briefly Graham Hancock) on Climate Change.
CIA 'Whistleblower' Assisted By James Clapper Associate
On homosexuality
I'm just gonna leave this here...
American companies must avoid "the three T's when doing business with China"
The biggest conspiracy of all is keeping the people dumb and uneducated so that they see conspiracies in everything.
Twitter Analysis: Identifying A Pro-Indonesian Propaganda Bot Network
Is the politics sub breaking federal election law by not disclosing that it's bought and paid for by the DNC?
My friend's Overwatch account was silenced when he posted "Free Hong Kong" in the game chat
[Unconfirmed] U.S. to send more troops, possibly thousands, to Saudi Arabia
Insider Trading Site "Mule's Row" Reappears From Darknet
Is Trump trying to start a war with China to boost his likelihood of reelection?
Why is it, whenever I go out the drink options are, coke tea coffee water or alcohol.
Hong Kong is a distraction so no one can know about the concentration camps in East Turkestan
Hong Kong is just a distraction to cover the concentration camps in East Turkestan
I think i saw two UFO's
Disney’s Monsters Inc. proves reptilians run this planet??!??!???
Is it illegally using the government for a campaign when the Clinton deep state charges a bunch of people associated with a campaign?
Senator Marco Rubio Demands TikTok Investigation for Censorship
China’s Global Reach: Surveillance and Censorship Beyond the Great Firewall
What's up with the Deutsche Bank "suicides"?
The validation of David Ickes argument.
Bobby Kotick Activision CEO in Epstein's book
Was Poe's subplot in The Last Jedi an attempt at Chinese propaganda?
Project Pelican? What are in those shipping containers?
Remember China is weak and falling apart and the USA is strong!
CO2 doesn't keep the earth warm at night!
The Narrative Has Switched
Fuck China and so on
In 2016, US acknowledges YPG being directly tied to PKK -a internationally recognized terror organization. Cue 2016, war against YPG/PKK=genocide, brought to you by Sen.Lindsey Graham
Ronan Farrow Says NBC News Ordered a "Hard Stop to Reporting" on Harvey Weinstein
Theory: Media colonization causes mass shootings.
Very interesting
Working together
Ring of Power (2008) - Featured Documentary
What an interesting coincidence
r/politics falling for unnamed sources for the 100th time in 3 years.
After Fox News released poll that made Trump mad, Barr reportedly met with Rupert Murdoch
Never forget Tiananmen Square...
5 strange ways Animals were used as weapons during WW2 (Many government projects you were never made aware of)
Is everyone else seeing a massive increase in seemingly pro-China debunkers/skeptics? China must be panicking that the veil is being pulled back. That's the power of an open internet/dialogue. You can't fool everyone all of the time.
Spread This
The movie Red Dawn
Google patriotically following the US department of state
Trump threatens to transfer the endo-capitalist war into a civil war level
Hey...
Chinese government has grown to be quite chaotic
Our phones are listening no doubt...
Comets! Cataclysms! Coincidence? - A theory on mudfloods and resets.
Operation Babylift
Even the trees haven't forgotten
Algo Inexplicável está Acontecendo em todo o Mundo em 2019 "VÍDEO IMPACTANTE"
The Great Deception is coming?
List of companies and their views on Supporting Hong or China
How HK Police Shot A Peaceful Protestor
Stabbings in Manchester 🔪
Beto O'Rourke says to cheers and applause that he will target churches and any organization that doesn't fully accept the LGBTQ agenda receives "reward, no benefit, no tax break," and loses their tax-exempt status
Ever thought about why China is mass learning English?
It’s Just An Illusion – The Management Of Perception
Anger On Trump But Not On Chinese Corporate Stooges...?
London Pedo Rings Protected By Police: Ex-Cop Jon Wedger Interview
If you could know the truth about one specific event.. which would you choose?
Real life 'flying saucer' unveiled at airshow
[Meta] What's up with the hot tab post vote totals?
Manchester Arndale Stabbing
Greta Thunberg misses out on Nobel Peace Prize as the award is given to Ethiopia's prime minister Abiy Ahmed; Eco-campaigner Greta Thunberg had been tipped to receive prestigious honour
Israel Sells Arms to China
Satellite images reveal China is destroying Muslim graveyards and replacing them with car parks and playgrounds
Blizzard vs. Reddit
New research supports hypothesis that asteroid contributed to mass extinction
Freedom for Hong Kong
100+ “suicides” in 3 months Police: Yeah... nothing fishy here
Something not right
This Conspiracy Is Brought To You By Google
I'm literally insane
The Pedophiles are going down. Q Drops and Redpills are being dispensed to the masses via MSM now. Writing is on the wall.
Epstein - John Mark Duggan shows child sex tape to Journo/Author to prove his story.
Upvotes and downvotes going nuts!
Fuck em!
Biological Effects of Electromagnetic Radiation - Research Material - Starter Pack
YouTube
So much shady stuff is being revealed I can’t even keep track. It’s like the foundation of our gov is cracking.
News channels should show the anchors salary and which industries fund them
Rudy Giuliani was paid hundreds of thousands of dollars by the people who have been charged with funneling Russian money into the GOP and Trump's campaign.
Government and Corporate are merging
China and the New World Order
In lieu of admins removing evil evil holocaust questions, I present to you a sourced list of attrocities that the evil evil nazis committed against the poor poor jews. ITT you'll find jews forced to fight bears and eagles in a cage, a spank machine that killed jews with orgams, and the Death Tango.
The plot thickens....
be on the right side of history
Please ignore this! Just a photo of Trump, Pence, Giuliani and the swamp creatures that got arrested trying to flee the country to avoid prosecution.
Joe Rogan is not a cool dude and is compromised. Listen to this interview from 2 years ago before the Epstein revelation. Joe is so full of shit.
My YouTube double ad conspiracy
They suppress free-energy technology..they control the money, hoard the world's wealth. They control the military industrial complex, and soon, the microchips are coming. If you're reading this, you are the revolution. Resist the microchips, end the federal reserve before they crash the dollar.
#FREEDOMFORHK
Earth’s current vibration
Trump is distracting and manipulating us with current events.
But I thought Jews were the most oppressed people of all time?
The Iraqi invasion and the Syrian proxy war are foreshadowed 23 years ago with the publication of a zionist political document called A Clean Break: A New Strategy for Securing the Realm
How much do ((they)) actually control?
"This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. https://www.washingtonpost.com/education/2019/09/18/this-back-to-school-psa-sandy-hook-promise-is-punch-gut/
How exactly do scientists know how old planets and stars are?
Pro-Vaccine Internet Trolls May be Trained Government Agents According to Leaked Document
Internet Trolls May be Trained Government Agents According to Leaked Document
This buzz surrounding China, the Hong Kong protests...
All this Anti-China media attention is because Trump is failing
One world gov is already here, that is why you don't hear US politicians or media condemning China, they are all on the same filthy team!
Gel Alienígena encontrado pelo Rover Chinês é Realmente um objeto de Metal Alienígena!
Looking for a ufo video from about 2015
Somewhat old but I thought you guys would find this interesting.
Fuck the Chinese Government!
1984
Jesus and other religious figures may have in fact been time travelers
Remember when Alex Jones wasn’t a complete ass clown?
Movie: Odd Thomas premonition for Vegas shooting
Disappointed in this sub
List of companies who kowtow to Chinese censorship requests.
Apperently we need to spread this
Fuck the Chinese Government!
Vaping bans in your state?
Business ties with China are a goal in itself
Granted it’s no pizza store basement, but could there be some sort of criminal conspiracy going on here according to the r/conspiracy experts?
There's a hidden environment Watchdog running in this world
What do you think about being mind controlled into liking certain things?
Did /r/gaming just shadowban my Blizzard post?
Need help finding diagram/chart showing power of Rockerfeller family and banks
The 50 Most Influential Think Tanks in the United States
Most people don't like our elected officials but they maintain power nonetheless
after noticing this figure in a couple different places on my front porch i took it inside to find one of its legs burnt off and i don’t know who would put in this much effort as a joke. all i know is the walther stay by my side tonight 👀
Is his time finally coming?
Never mind the links on this one. There is nothing to see here folks and no cancer DNA inserted into American vaccines
Gov't using mental health as a guise to test drugs on humans
[Open Beta] The Newsphere: A News Visualization Platform
Did this dude just create a torus? [free energy]
'Nem uma Gota de Sangue': Gado é Misteriosamente Mutilado no Oregon, partes do corpo removidas com "TOTAL PRECISÃO"
The 770 Show #1: Introduction to Occult Sciences
Let's just take a moment to remind ourselves (and your friends) that the China-NBA/Blizzard situation is happening with nearly every U.S. business, and the mainstream is blind to it...
Okay so I don’t know who else to go to for this problem
Help me find a woman's anti war speech. She is not American and was speaking about how the U.S are the terrorists...
Cidades do outro lado da Lua - Gravada na Missão "Syn 25", a 25° Missão secreta da NASA à Lua
What did he done this time?
Shocks and Deja Vu
Big Shout out to WackyJacky for teaching me how to window crouch peek :)
Amazing: this new Fox poll shows the groups that most trust the CIA - THE CIA! - are liberals, Democrats &amp; Clinton voters. 77% of Dems trust the CIA; only 22% don't. 64% of liberals trust CIA; 22% don't. This is the enduring sickness of Russiagate/MSNBC
Giuliani’s Ukraine Team: In Search of Influence, Dirt and Money (Indicted Ukrainian Lev Parnas said he paid Giuliani hundreds of thousands of dollars to work for him)
Dark Journalist &amp; Graham Hancock Live! Ancient Lost Civilization &amp; Global Cataclysm Revealed!
DARK JOURNALIST &amp; GRAHAM HANCOCK LIVE: ANCIENT LOST CIVILIZATION &amp; GLOBAL CATACLYSM REVEALED!
Top ‘Never-Trumpers’ Tied to Politician Indicted for Human Smuggling and Selling Children
Can There Be Consensus That We Agree With Trump Pulling Out of Syria? (If true)
Dark Journalist Interviews Graham Hancock Live! The Global Cataclysm &amp; Lost Civilization Breakthrough!
Tulsi Considers Boycotting Debate
Reddit admins banned and removed a user's post because he showed an image of Blizzard's logo on a chinese flag.
Bill banged Melanie first. Change my mind.
The Timeline Of How China Dominated The NBA Market
Degenerate Canadian MSM Smearing Maxime Bernier &amp; PPC As 'Racists' While Portraying Islamist Soufi Restaurant Owner &amp; His ANTIFA Thug Son As 'Victims'!
Keep it going
Monetary Houdini
The media hides the fact that 253,800 black men have been murdered by white cops in America in 2019 alone
I wish this was a joke.
Interesting Trump has been justly criticizing the 'fake media' even Fox But they still broadcast &amp; preadvertise his rallies for free while ignoring Bernie's much larger rallies in 2016 &amp; 2019. The establishment still prefers him/crony capitalism than handing too many benefits to the working class.
For anyone who's new here: a list of my favorite conspiracy documentaries
The truth about flat earth.
Hmm, it doesn't say Warren's age but every other candidate says there age... fishy. Hell, it even shows Kamala's age. but i'm sure this has nothing to do with google's known lying and shadowing for political reasons.
"Will the Syrian Kurds Ally With Iran and Russia Against Turkey?" It's weird to think World Wars have started with little things like this. How is your main news source spinning the events in the Middle East? What's the headline in your area?
The recent pong spam in the comment section of free Hong Kong posts is meant to silence Reddit passively.
((ALERTA)) O Monstruoso Tufão Hagibis se dirige ao Japão, com "Velocidade de mais de 300 KM/H"
A heart transplant recipient recounts the murder of her donor and the killer is found - When and where did this happen?
Bush befriending Ellen DeGeneres propaganda brought to you by the Deep State
Dick Smackem Investigates: CLIMATE CHANGE
What if Intelligent Alien life is hiding from us? [Discussion]
At least four national security officials raised alarms about Ukraine policy before and after Trump call with Ukrainian president
The latest Brave iOS update automatically changed my browser from Startpage to DuckDuckGo. Anyone else have this happen?
Stop saying corporations are amoral when they do something clearly immoral.
Christchurch
Less of a conspiracy and more of a counterpoint to a lot of 9/11 conspiracies... this is a very very plausible reason that the towers fell the way they did.
Shampooing The People
Reddit admins banned user who showed a chinese flag with the Blizzard logo on it and removed his post.
A Ground Penetrating Radar Study was done at Treblinka, it concluded that the soil had never been disturbed
Next attack, Eleven/Three, Seattle?
Boy Scout popcorn is expensive
Found this on trending and the whole thing just seems fishy, also the fact that she locked comments and deleted everyone comments who are skeptical.
Submit a link to Reddit mentioning Monsanto and you get "Experts" with a pro-Monsanto history advising the best way to work with Monsanto
Florida students protest as Trump Jr. speaks on campus — for a $50,000 fee
Bill Cooper predicts his death
David Icke explains how 911 was a Controlled Demolition
Apparently it is racism and Trumps fault for making black women fat
Cuba Gooding Jr. Indicted on groping case | American Drool
A post on the Blizzard subreddit that showed the companies logo as the chinese flag, which had 182k upvotes, was deleted by the Reddit admins
FBI &amp; CIA Implementing Coup On Trump?
Military Jets by Bay Area + Power Shutoff?
A post on r/blizzard showing the blizzard logo as the chinese flag, which had 185k upvotes, may have been deleted by the Reddit admins.
[serious discussion] why did they ban cantelmoism?
The American Revolution
Trump pulls troops from Syria? | Seattle - November 3rd 2019
Post about an untraceable heart poison
Trump pulls troops from Syria? | Seattle - November 3rd 2019
Hey Jew, does Israel encourage the Arabs to reproduce? What about interfaith such as Jewish &amp; Christian individuals? What about Inter-racial marriage?
China rounds up Uighurs, puts them in concentration camps, tortures them, and harvests some of their organs while they're STILL ALIVE. And companies want to bend over for them just to make money. The people of China deserve better than to be lead by a murderous regime that idolizes Mao. FREE HK
Commenting when comments have been removed.
UFO 🛸 relation to bad weather, atmospheric pressure, electric currents and anomalies
Cash or Conscience ?
Who needs help with turning off ad tracking and location tracking on their iPhone? *wont affect ‘find my iPhone’ or any other app used to locate missing family members/their phones?
AT&amp;T and other carriers are trying to hide details of their 5G technology deployment... I wonder why would that be...
Cows are being found "empty" with their insides removed and their blood completely drained. An epidemic of fear from decades ago seems to re-appear in certain states. Why, how and who/what did this?
Deutsche Bank tells court that it does not have Trump's tax returns
Corrupt UN officials helped fake refugees from Kenya resettle in America
New wave of cows being found "empty" with their insides removed and their blood completely drained. An epidemic of fear from decades ago seems to re-appear in certain states. What, how, and why would someone/something do this?
Shit is getting lit
How China got a U.S. senator to do its political bidding
The second episode in a series about Gobekli Tepe. In the coming episodes we'll dive into the deeper meanings behind the symbolism they preserved for us to interpret thousands of years later. What are some conspiracies you would like to see covered?
Reddit admins remove 182k upvoted anti-China post and completely delete user.
Has everyone just forgotten about all the sketchy shit around the vegas shootings?
Here ye.. here ye.. free advertisements with Hong Kong protestors! Jump on the bandwagon. Thanks British!
Same Russian callers who pranked Schiff have now caught Lindsey Graham in a similar sting
Conspiracy or Factspiracy?
Bohemian Grove Question
This seems legit, nothing going on here.
UK: 500 men raped victim of Muslim rape gang from age of 11, authorities did nothing, fearing “Islamophobia” and "racism" charges. The cops chose to prosecute the victim instead.
CEO of most watched news channel meets in private with A.G. Barr, following critical tweets about said news channel by POTUS.
Anyone find it suspicious that suddenly everyone is talking about China’s human rights violations?
FEMA money sent to the wall, Americans screwed.
Developing: Florida men tied to Giuliani arrested on campaign charges
It's still preseason I guess...
Hmmmmm........
Alex Jones &amp; Charlie Sheen: FULL INTERVIEW (2009)
Does anybody know what that link leads to? I mistyped "youtube" into my url-bar and the google search led me there, it just seems to be wall of text
Anonymous Radio's on the streets interviews in Las Vegas
Whistleblower negatively affected Biden a lot
No one knows who put the invasive Snakehead fishes in Georgia.. maybe terrorists or could it be our own government?
The Modern Grand Solar Minimum is coming that is why they're slowly enacting a police state.
Immunization record for UC school
2 asian dictators 2 rocket problems.
A movie created by Chris Morris about how the FBI constructs stories about terrorists that don't exist by encouraging odd people to act like them
Beware bankers’ Extinction Rebellion: "In truth, its own records confirm it’s a project directed and funded by the City of London-centred financial oligarchy through interests such as the George Soros-sponsored Tides Foundation."
The orthodox church and the all-seeing eye
/r/politics has been against wars in the middle east since reddit was created.....until this week
Disney joins the cultural revolution by scrubbing Winnie the Pooh from it's website
Antonio can’t pay the fee. Bell files patent. Government tries to take it away. Antonio somehow dies. The pattern is nothing new.
Germany agrees to $88 million more for Holocaust survivors
Rudi Giuliani Nails Hunter Biden's Ass To The Wall With Stuff Like Documented Evidence And Testimony | MSNBC, CNN, WAPO, NYT Are Looking Away Big Hard - 6 min - Secret Impeachments Leaks Are Not The Way
it's a big club and you ain't in it - George Carlin. Wether it is Bernie or Tulsi it doesnt matter they work for the elite and not the people
I saw a question on r/askreddit regarding r/hongkong no longer trending on reddit's front page. Where did it go?
The GAME the establishment is playing against Trump...
Lindsey Graham Warns House Dems: Release the Full Volker Transcript or I Will Have Him Testify Publicly
Phil Schneider Said a "Nuclear Weapon" Not a Fertilizer Bomb Blew Out Six Subbasement Floors of the WTC in 1993, he spoke of the OKC Bombing &amp; the Branch Davidian fire he was found dead shortly after
Conspiracy history lesson: The whole reason for the gulf War and Iraq war was to break up the baathist state of a unified Iraq and Syria. Current events are from this and no other reason.
This image is illegal in China. Tiananmen Square 1989 massacre
This should come as no surprise to anyone, recent allegations published by Inquistr are that President Trump was consistently snorting stimulants during The Apprentice and popping UK Sudafed. After personally struggling with addiction, his claims of lifelong abstinence always garnered my respect.
What is in Trumps tax returns?
So we're pro-war now?
My sign at the Extinction Rebellion protests yesterday
Who did this Gibson Islander work for, EURENCO the former consulting group, or Eurenco the French manufacturer of explosives for building demolitions and military applications?
Future Predictions Corroborated By Potential Evidence.
This image is illegal in China. Tiananmen Square 1989 massacre
Hypothesis: Our mind (or part of it) is AI. This idea might sound outrageous but if you keep an open mind(!) this video will deliver some of the arguments for it. If true it gives even more reason to connect to our heart-intelligence
The Jeffrey Epstein Conspiracy
Visa Applicants must now provide social media account info, so that Visa can track your online presence. SS: visa is requiring info from your social media account in order to track your online presence, this includes Reddit. These companies will stop at nothing to invade your privacy.
Chinese citizens will soon need to scan their face before they can access internet services or get a new phone number
CIA spied on Julian Assange in Ecuadorian embassy
If a mod supports the state, should they be allowed to run this subreddit?
Brain waves controlling Americans everywhere. Does your smartphone make you think differently?
Symptoms of Social Media Shadowbanning for Your Diagnosis
The US spy's wife who killed a boy in the UK by driving on the wrong side of the road and then fled home WON'T be sent back to the UK for prosecution
Support Tulsi Gabbard: 'seriously considering' boycotting 'undemocratic' October debate #rigged
Why is r/Hongkong no longer trending on Reddit? It literally went from #1 to not showing up in one day. How is that possible?
At the end of the documentary they talk about how the information about the past is being suppressed, and people in New Zealand are resisting the suppression of their history.
Tulsi again trying to unveil the deception and corruption of her own political party.
Underwater Anomalies Near Catalina Island
Economic invasion from China
Universal truths! aka question nothing and consume
Money Over Morals: U.S. Companies Are Enabling Chinese Oppression
Do the rich from other countries receive organs
They are still censoring like crazy in the subs anything to do with negativity towards China especially the blizzchina flag. Damnit blizzard quit being a fucking towel!
2009 - Confirmed: Rep. Jane Harman Tried to Kill NSA Wiretapping Story -- May Have Swayed 2004 Election
The Satanic States of America: Illuminati Secrets Revealed (PDF)
9/11 Whistleblowers: William Rodriguez : The Corbett Report
What does "Free Hong Kong" mean?
George Soros talks about the need to crash the dollar for the sake of one world currency. how is this related to the banking crisis and cryptocurrencies?
Capitalist Cowards List of China Bootlickers
Researcher defends condemnation of Big Tech after Hillary cries fake news: "Google poses 3 serious threats to humanity: 1) an obscene level of surveillance across 200+ platforms; 2) the power to determine what content 2+ billion can or can NOT see; 3) invisible manipulation on a massive scale."
Did Nazis lose WWII or did they just move to America?
Wow Pepsi...
"The daily press is the evil principle in the modern world. The capacity of the newspaper for degeneration is sophistically without limit, since it can always sink lower and lower in its choice of readers". -Soren Kierkegaard.
Vaccines and Meta Physics
This is a test 123
The Trump administration has requested more money for our spying agencies than any other US President. These agencies include the CIA, NSA, etc.
Internet Outrage, Cancel Culture and the Distraction Machine to Keep Us Busy and Divided.
The interesting case of Kenneth W. Ford, Jr. A NSA employee who was framed for authoring a Memo which stated Iraq didn't have WMD.
Joe Rogan Experience - The Reason Why We Need to Take UFO Sightings Seriously
Video - UK Doctor Fully Debunks Measles Propaganda And Exposes Agenda
Video - UK Doctor Fully Debunks Measles Propaganda And Exposes Agenda
Let's talk about Biden pressuring Ukraine to fire the prosecutor.
MSM is Gaslighting us on the Turkey-Kurd Conflict by Conflating all Kurds into CNN's 1990s Imagery of "Nomadic Refugees". This is not reality folks. Explained below.
Journalist gets quickly shut down when she asked James Harden, Russell Westbrook if they would refrain from speaking out on politics/social justice after China debacle
Top 10 “Best” Pedo-Harvesting Foster Care System States Countdown: #9 Maine
Uber may soon aquire Lyft.
Nick Fuentes on Conspiracy Theories
Nov 3rd attacks
Peak Trans IX: Tell your story here
I believe Borris Jhonson is being bribed/blackmailed to cause a no deal Brexit
Apple removing an App that helped pro-democracy protestors avoid police, maybe China blackmailed them into suspending Apple factories if not.
Arizona politician charged in human trafficking adoption scheme
FOIA request explaining the logo NROL-39 octopus logo (American reconnaissance satellite)
Beware bankers’ Extinction Rebellion: "In truth, its own records confirm it’s a project directed and funded by the City of London-centred financial oligarchy through interests such as the George Soros-sponsored Tides Foundation."
NIST applied artificial 5,000 lb lateral load at every connection in impact zone to produce buckling
Bernie Sanders isn’t “controversial”. Maximum wage? Now we’re getting somewhere.
We are living through the formation of a control system that will dwarf the formation of the federal reserve
2 Giuliani Associates Tied to Ukraine Scandal Arrested on Campaign Finance Charges - PDF
This is just your daily reminder that there is no Democratic party, there is no Republican party. There's only one party, the War party.
Help finding a video comparing W's speaches pre and post presidency
Askreddit is comprinised, as is this forum
Was snuff SD card labeled because there are others?
Is The Economy Headed To The Dumps?
Anyone else notice how Trump's tweet today lines up with these recent Russian troll farm comments from Fox News site? Are they are trying to push people to OANN?
Jimmy savile &amp; the royal family
Snuff SD card found on Anchorage, Alaska street leads to murder arrest
Google tries to hide Bitchute from autocomplete
Read the post
NJ Police chief ordered ticket quotas to raise revenue
The Reddit Admins are now removing comments on /r/conspiracy that question "official" historical events
Did Disney shrink the image of John Boyega on TFA poster to appease Chinese racism?
The Freemasons run the music industry. Here's proof.
Manly P. Hall Vs. AMORC
Ex Blizzard: "I have watched China slowly take over as the dominant investing force in gaming and movies over the years...we are in a situation where unlimited Communist money dictates our American values. We censor our games for China, we censor our movies for China."
Notice all the Geroge Soros spam today? Here's why - Rudy's Ukraine Henchmen Arrested on Campaign Finance Charge Businessmen Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman will reportedly appeared in federal court in Virginia on Thursday
The DNC and corporate media are trying to hijack the entire election process---Tulsi Gabbard
Facial recognition for international travel
Does anyone else remember Summer 2016 when our media and government spent months assuring us that it was completely impossible to hack our elections in any way?
I spend the last 2 days collecting popular music videos with Freemasonic checkboard tiles in them. Here's a list, please contribute.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard on Twitter: "I am seriously considering boycotting October 15 debate to bring attention to DNC/corporate media’s effort to rig 2020 primary. Not against Bernie this time, but against voters in early states"
The recent escalation in American controversy involving Hong Kong was a calculated attempt at getting us more involved.
CDC: People With Dirt On Clintons Have 843% Greater Risk Of Suicide
It's the 30th anniversary of the great Loma Prieta Earthquake in California: Here's an important reminder that a research station near the epicenter recorded extremely unusual ULF (ultra-low frequency) electromagnetic waves in the days before the event. The same thing occurred in Haiti in 2010.
China, the CIA and radical-leftists are working together to deliver a Neo-Maoist Cultural Revolution in America.. Change my mind.
In the name of father and son. The US Congress has received Rudolf Giuliani's secret memoirs on the Joe and Hunter Biden case . This is a retelling of his conversations with Shokin and Lutsenko - and here is what they contain
The government wants to crack down on vaping which has caused a total of about 12 deaths so far. This is not an accident or an overreaction, it is intentional misdirection. It's so dumb that they know we'll argue about it, this is a common divide and conquer tactic.
Writer Olga Tokarczuk is announced as one of the two current Nobel for Literature winners
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: "I am giving serious consideration to boycotting the next debate"
I feel like we've already lost.
The "Muh Russians" are manufatured boogiemen created by the Chinese-owned and influenced Western media as a deflection tactic to distract us from the rising authoritarian threat of China. Change my mind.
Recounting Shokin’s version of events, the notes say he “was called into Mr. Poroshenko’s office and told that the investigation into Burisma and the Managing Director where Hunter Biden is on the board, has caused Joe Biden to hold up one billion dollars in U.S. aid to Ukraine.”
Trump abandoned the Kurds to give Republicans a talking point.
Honestly, how are people STILL falling for their lies?
why cant i post in the movies sub? look at my page/wall/etc. ? this is cencorship?
What are the chances that russia will annex its "territories"
All Americans will need a universal federal ID to travel by air or access govt facilities. The deadline is Oct. 1, 2020
A shocking revelation
Hong Kong wiped this video from the internet completely?
Is Today Shows Matt Laur related to Epstein?
Over 30 Major News Organizations Linked to George Soros. ...Soros has ties to more than 30 mainstream news outlets - including The New York Times, Washington Post, the Associated Press, NBC and ABC
Diet soda causes brain damage. It’s not the aspartame - it’s the dehydration!
They try to blame us...
Blizzard Activision CEO linked to Epstein.
Continuation: Dan Schneider's Deleted Tweets
Interesting map markings on Epstein island
George Soros brain waves controlling the minds of Americans everywhere.
Dutch lawmakers begin probe into Ukraine’s role in MH17 downing
Has anyone ever made a way to track a subreddits user base across Reddit? I want to see where most of t_d userbase went
TROLLING HARRY POTTER ROLEPLAY | jailed and banned
Left: a standard Boeing 767. Right: the plane that hit the second tower on 9/11
A Christian response to spending time with monsters in light of the Ellen/Bush controversy.
If you do not leave Hong Kong right now, you are going to regret.
With China in the spotlight over organ harvesting, how many other countries do we have evidence of doing similar?
Internet ID is coming.
Giant asteroid strike 13K years ago had 'global consequences,' shocking study says
How is it Paul Le Roux might be getting no time, but Assange is still in jail? (First time hearing this story)
Gobekli Tepe is a site that forces us to rewrite and rethink our entire history and leaves us with more questions than answers
The New York financial elite compete to live in this building.
Cattle Mutilation
Turkey allowed into Syria as a ploy to have an excuse to attack Iran?
Okay I just had realization uncle Ben’s rice and you wonder why China hates us. Also here’s another thing Quaker that Amish man is a billionaire, and I bet you’ve never seen a commercial by Quaker granola bars, Amish people hate modern technology.
Are these two tweets from Barack Obama and Donald Trump connected?
Why the *scientists*?
China is genius
Investigative journalism about flat earther
More political image manipulation from CNN
Seen this, felt it fit.
Dan Schneider deleted 8,000+ more posts today after deleting 3,000+ yesterday when twitter user started dunking on him
The medical camoflauge of population control. As seen in nazi germany. Do you know of other examples?
Danbury CT is overrun with corruption. City Hall, police, organized crime, local business...
Generated Em Waves are disrupting the natural human communication process
Do you think China has become the new superpower of the world?
Can we get a thread going of good hard questions and evidence related to climate change?
Realpolitik or MIC conspiracy: Trump offered jets for Kurds
The data tampering conspiracy continues: Tony Heller details how earths recent history has been re-written.
SPOILER - Just watched the most recent POWER episode, and WOW they really do hate black ppl!
Tokyo Games Endangered: no fair play?
100k pop city Danbury CT, is totally corrupted. from mayor, to police, to organized crime, to local business.
Red bull commercial sided with Hong Kong
1984 is a blueprint for how the world is being built now
Kinda strange thing about the sport drink Electrolit. Hope anyone can shed some light.
The Scariest Psychiatric Experiment Still Being Conducted
Spread it
The 5 Traps Used To Shut Down &amp; Limit Human Consciousness
Did Reddit remove /r/LifeProTips from default front page because it was teaching people how to be better at life?
American Executives who help the Chinese Government should be prosecuted under the Alien and Sedition Act
Sydney Morning Herald tries to claim Chinese cyber attack on pro Hong Kong game studio.
Blizzards has "NoExtraditionToChina" as profanity in WoW
American Businesses who help the Chinese Government should be prosecuted under the Alien and Sedition Act
Cold Case Hammarskjöld - CIA, UK and SA deliberately spreading AIDS in Africa
Join the Jesuitworldorder subreddit, all posts welcome,
HAPPENING NOW!! Join 73 House Representatives, Sign Petition To Remove And Investigate Adam Schiff
Soros hacked, thousands of Open Society Foundations files released online
Bringing Overwatch into the Hong Kong protests
Mexico mayor tied to truck, dragged through streets amid reported anger over unfulfilled campaign promises.
The US Never Keeps Promises Made With Tribal People. How Many Decades Has the US Been Breaking Promises Made to the Kurds?
Trying to Find Info on Old "Conspiracy Theory" - US gives China Fake Gold Bullion
Scientific &amp; Religious Proof for Predicting the End of the World
reddit mobile sucks
Is this how they decide who gets more funding?
Did anyone examine QAnon's connections to Israel?
What are some Conspiracies that have a strong bite to them I can look into.
🇨🇳 Printed 51 trillion dollars last year, may have invested 15-24 into our economy to crash it.
Among all the bootlicking, please do not forget that Trump is currently helping Saudi Arabia to genocide Yemen and is sending troops to help secure KSA's oil industry. So peaceful!
For the life of me it has always been “chic”-fil-a. I held a poll at my office and 90% of my colleagues spelled it without the k having had no predisposition to the incorrect or correct way of spelling.
Picture from Youtuber Mr”beast” merch website
Arizona Republican charged in human trafficking adoption scheme
Stuff happening around the world
Chili Peppers- Californication lyrics, too meta?
The big polluters’ masterstroke was to blame the climate crisis on you and me
Mexico will legalise cannabis this month
help: Looking for a video of a woman speech talking about the war and how the us is the terrorists.
Remember that time British intelligence agencies, in association with the Pentagon and C.I.A., inserted Ellen’s cupcake recipes into a jihad magazine? And intelligence publisher (CIA front) Stratfor was tracking the whole thing?
Above Majestic (2018)
Podcast on Apollo Program
In leaked official State Department exchange, a top government aide and the Secretary of State discuss Ellen Degeneres’ quote, “willingness to do whatever we ask.”
Cutting electricity in norcal is a test run for when riots begin. They want to see exactly how things will play out
Trump's "Kurds didn't help in WWII" talking point is straight out of Russia
Twitter Thread: Ellen Degeneres and George W. Bush are the same thing
Vertical chem trails? Thought this looked weird, seen in Atlanta, GA on Monday Oct, 07 2019. Anyone else?
Parralel universe?
From Poverty to Prosperity: 3 Success Stories
I feel like they play the music really loud before the debates so its easier to know when they're recording peoples reactions for each candidate
Jesus is the only answer.
Machine vision has learned to use radio waves to see through walls and in darkness
USWGO news Brian D. Hill files yet another Notice of Appeal, makes remarks on DisHonorable Judge Thomas D. Schroeder’s lies
Is the conspiracy sub breaking federal election law by not disclosing that it’s bought and paid for by the GOP?
i need help remembering her name
Jimmy Dore deconstructs Brian Setzer interview w/ Faiz Shakir
Looks like Reddit filtered the article about the Blizzard walkout from the top posts of all time.
Just a daily reminder the King James Bible has always been a brainwashing tool
"Jeffrey Epstein accuser expands lawsuit against estate, alleged enablers"
I think I've discovered the meaning of the Trump tweet "Covfefe".
The Real Reason Why Joshua Brown Was Killed
I Haven't had this much fun with a conspiracy theory since reading Robert Anton Wilson! Episode #066: Antarctica and the Breakaway Civilization
Wendy Williams is garbage in human form.
WayBack Machine (most popular Internet Archive Site) has no archives for twitter.com on the 8th of October, the same day the NBA twitted saying they stand with their members freedom in response to the China/Hong Kong situation.
Bird Glitch Video Gone?
Nike is the key behind the NBA, China
Proven Humanity: Fuck China, fuck authoritarianism, fuck censorship.
New research shows autistic brains are overwhelmed with the inflammatory cytokine protein interleukin-18, and old research shows that vaccine aluminum adjuvants work by releasing interleukin-18. Why is this so hard to figure out?
Is the politics sub breaking federal election law by not disclosing that it's bought and paid for by the DNC?
I write Bisexual Scifi. For some reason, this particular story just got over 50,000 hits from Google and CIA addresses in 17 minutes.
So to recap:
Homeless Opera Singer - full of air
Michael Brooks Picks Apart Dallas Police Department Conspiracy
Adam Schiff 'parody' before Congress
Trump: US spent 8 TRILLION fighting &amp; policing the Middle East. Thousands of Soldiers have died or been wounded. Millions of people have died on the other side. Going into the ME was the worst decision. We went 2 war under a false &amp; disproven premise, WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. There were NONE!
McDonalds Australia is having a promotion that just so happens have the most common reward as perfect voucher for the Amazon Echo dot
Director of Spanish security company that spied on Julian Assange arrested | In English | EL PAÍS
Theory: Nostradamus predicted Trump's assassination
We’re living in a stimulation
movie recommendation: Under the Silver Lake (2018)
"deleted"
Barack Obamas FORGOTTEN Financial plan that no one talks about
Biden wanting Facebook ads from the Trump Campaign taken down is proof that its true
Dick is amazing
Got me thinking
Is the California power outage by PG&amp;E really for fire safety, or a show of power (no pun intended)?
Busted! in 2017, FBI ran 3.1 MILLION queries to spy on US Citizens using the NSA's UPSTREAM database
The Great Global Warming Swindle - Full Documentary HD
What media outlets do to Trump to drive their narrative. Look at the flag in the background. Those whites should be immaculate
Is Reddit burying HK subreddit? Was number 1 on the "Top Growing Communities list" for a couple weeks and now not on the list at all.
You’re all shmucks
Is it reasonable to believe that Turkey will slaughter the Kurds?
Armed conspiracy group will defend Republicans at Minneapolis Trump rally
Has a long term, overt political messaging campaign successfully co-opted this subreddit?
Trump is trying to avoid a new Gulf of Tonkin.
The CIA and FBI supposedly work for the President... but they are actively at war with the President. It begs the question: if they don’t answer to the President, who are they accountable to?
California Safety Shutoff is a cover!
Information request re: missing 411
Gay Liberal Women Excuses Hanging Out, Laughing, With War Criminal Bush
Happy Halloween from CNN’s graphics department
UN demanding $1,000,000,000,000 from United States
The Video ELLEN Doesnt Want You To See
Donald Trumps longtime business connections in Turkey back in the spotlight
POTUS: "Military Industrial Complex got tremendous power. They like fighting. They make a lot of money. But it's time to bring our soldiers home."
Stolen fingerprints could spell the end of biometric security.
Burisma paid Joe Biden $900,000 for lobbying – Ukrainian MP
Translation: shove it.
2018 Numbers are in from the FBI – The AR rifles and other long guns are some of the safest items Americans own.
Not only has Trump released the transcript over the debunked Ukraine conspiracy theory. But Democrats will NEVER be able to impeach him
Not one reporter has ever considered that Sanders didn't to talk about his past earlier because he didn't work for the first decade of his son's life. He lived in poverty in order to run for office 8x while his son was raised by his single mom on welfare.
Not one reporter has ever considered that Sanders didn't to talk about his past earlier because he didn't work for the first decade of his son's life. He lived in poverty in order to run for office 8x while his son was raised by his single mom on welfare.
We have built a blockchain based voting platform, which means all votes are secure, immutable, and can easily be audited.
CDC admits 98 million Americans were given cancer virus via the polio shot
Could most of the pro china posts in https://www.reddit.com/r/Sino/ be made with the intention to boost their social credit scores?
Do you think WW3 will happen because of all of the china shit happening?
Connecting The Dots
Conspiring with Neo-Nazi Parties: Washington and the EU's Role in the Kiev Coup
Clint Eastwood’s Upcoming ‘Richard Jewell’ is Said to Be “unrelenting condemnation of a corrupt FBI and in-the-pocket news media"
Unbelievable Findings
Berger Kings " impossible Burger" made of plants not beef.
Ukrainian MP confirms Joe Biden Sr made $900,000 from Burisma.
The Boy Prophet
The War on Drugs (the greatest atrocity of our lifetime) Part One
"You know the Military Industrial Complex (take a look at Dwight Eisenhower, he had it figured right many years ago) has got tremendous power. They like fighting. They make a lot of money when they fight. But it was time to bring our soldiers back home."
Lying Democrat Media Blatantly Doctor Trump-Ukraine Transcript to Create Fake News
Wiener insurance policy against hildog
Are we even ready for a world of truth?
The UK is further lost. They have tv license "enforcers". Even for those that have never owned a television.
The musician Billie Eiilish is actually a male.
The official US Archives website does not list Popular Vote totals for the 2016 election, but it does for all previous elections.
New Developments in the Virginia Giuffre v Alan Dershowitz Defamation Lawsuit
Twitch AI Mind Deterioration
How can anyone miss the clear explosion before plane hit WTC tower?
Climate change scares?
Did Richard Sherman know exactly what he was doing when he created the Handshake Controversy to tell Baker Mayfield exactly what the rest of the players in the league are thinking of Mayfield anyway?
Survivors of Chinese concentration camps say rape, forced abortion, and forced sterilization are rampant
Second whistleblower complaint contains details missing from call "transcript"
5 israelis known as "the dancing Israeli's" were arrested on 9/11 with 2 proving to be mossad agents. Bush did 9/11 because the jews wanted him to
Thoughts on the German Halle synagogue Attack?
Greta Thunberg's mother wore a 37,000€ dress made of fabric imported from Turkey and up to 365 real feathers in three different shades by a designer known for having used real leather and fur (Camilla Thulin) while performing at the ESC final in 2009
Blizzard Will Not Let You Submit A Ticket Without a Copy of Your Government Issued ID
Study: the US wastes almost $1 trillion in healthcare spending
NBA don’t care about you. Just wanted to remind people over 600 million Chinese people viewed last yr.
Never forget when the puppet masters were at work. Google manipulated search results before the election.
Woman Accuses Donald Trump Of Grabbing Her Vagina Without Consent In Early 2000s
Ellen Defends Hanging With War Criminals
I found this so funny I embarrassed my self at work.
Here's a free documentary on the Cattle Mutilation Phenomena. Super relevant, given the recent uptick in Oregon
People are finally starting to wake up to the greed and corruption of the ruling elite. The time for us the people to take our WORLD back is coming. Be Ready.
The only way to help Hong Kong/Chinese people would be to incite WW3
Oh dear
Subtle ways to drive the media narrative and they use almost every one.
I thought it was a coincidence at first, but now it's looking more and more like a cover up
Will the 26 New Sexual Allegations Against Trump Be Ignored Like the Rest?
Emails reveal Rosenstein-Mueller collusion before appointment on Russia probe
Did Mueller Know There Was No Trump-Russia Collusion Before The Midterms? Did he purposely influence them?
🧐🤨🤔
Lying Democrat Media Blatantly Doctor Trump-Ukraine Transcript to Create Fake News
Rainè Riggs, a neuropsychologist and daughter-in-law of Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders, died on Saturday — two days after receiving a cancer diagnosis, according to an obituary shared online by Lee &amp; Martin Funeral Home in Burgettstown, Pennsylvania. Riggs was 46.
Zika Outbreak Epicenter In Same Area Genetically-Modified Mosquitoes Released In 2015
Nibiru, Planet X, Prophecy Unfolding...
Just two spooks hanging out, no biggie... (watch it while you can)
PG&amp;E turns off power for 800,000 customers across California because of high heat and winds. Currently the areas “affected” are experiencing 1-7mph winds and 70-85F temperature. What is the real reason this many homes are going without power for 3-5 days?
Anyone else had this problem??
I set off bug detectors. An idea why this might be happening?
Joe Biden admits, on camera, that he threatened with withdraw foreign aid from Ukraine if they wouldn't stop investigating his son for corruption
My reddit account and all of my alt-accounts were suspended by Reddit immediately after posting an opinion that we should not support ANY Chinese company.
Rap music - "It's a Religion. A celebration of Sadism, indulgence, no impulse control, addiction. These are Hymns for the thug, criminal world" - retired prison psychologist Marlin Newburn
The Battle for Opened Eyes
AOC floats ‘prison abolition’ to end ‘American apartheid.' The Soros Funded Progressives Plan is To No Longer Have Any Laws and Create Chaos Based Destabilization
A little crossover
Tests show bootleg marijuana vapes tainted with hydrogen cyanide
The inmigration invasions are Catholic/Jesuit controlled. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
JFK to 9/11 YouTube video removed. Looking for link.
Jewish 6 million Holocaust number symbolism from the Torah. The 6 million number showing up in different places before WWII.
Taxation is theft. But we're still going to rob you. So tough shit.
So just to recap: Hillary and the DNC hired a foreign agent to collect dirt on Trump during the campaign
Conspiracy theories that turned out to be true
Orders of the President to investigate an opposition party's candidate??
I'm proposing that on Tuesday October 15, we make a big push on Facebook, Twitter, reddit to press to get more about Epstein. Who are the wealthy people involved? What happened to the tapes with elites names on them?
Nvidia Debunks Conspiracy Theories About Moon Landing
Tests show bootleg marijuana vapes tainted with hydrogen cyanide
Edward Snowden "Permanent Record" crosspost from r/BookTVonReddit
The NEW Göbekli Tepe! - Is Karahan Tepe The Most IMPORTANT Ancient Site In The WORLD?
This is the guy who made Mei from Overwatch’s cinematic into a free HK propaganda piece, the only posts he made were on this. His account now comes up with the NSFW warning. Thanks Reddit censorship...
Corporate America has become the biggest threat to our freedom
Jewish elite in America
Edward Snowden "Permanent Record" crosspost from r/BookTVonReddit
The U.S. Navy and Unidentified Aerial Phenomena.
Some investigative work on Dan Schneider, Hollywood guy with a kid fetish
Forced to Divorce: Americans With Disabilities Must Pick Marriage or Health Care
PDF of Rare Book---Church Wealth and Business Income, By Martin A. Larson (1965)
Just a reminder, the USA shares it’s citizens data with Israel via the NSA.
As USA pledges $3.8 billion in military aid to Israel for the next 10 years, isn't it time the links to prominent Jewish groups within the White House are exposed?
PDF of Rare Book---Church Wealth And Business Income, by Martin A. Larson (1965)
Syrian Kurds begging for air support from U.S. troops as Turkish attacks destroy homes and kill civilians. Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. military not to help. All this just weeks after Trump pressured Kurds to take down fortifications against Turkish attacks in the area.
You will have no idea who did it if it comes.
Fallstreak hole cloud caused by the LHC
California man guilty of harassing, cyberstalking families of Parkland shooting victims
Cows found drained of blood with parts missing. No tracks around
Big Tobacco has been trying to get vaping banned for years so they don't have to face any competition.
John McAfee: "We Need To Give Control Of Currency Back To The People"
Reddit removes top #1 video after 24.4k upvotes related to China's live organ harvesting citing "politics"
Humanoid attacked an American in the woods! that it's an Alien or a mysterious creature. Hunter set a trap for wild boar in the forest in the bushes in the night strange sounds. hunter went to see what was there in the bushes was greeted by a strange creature
A Brief History of Computerized Election Fraud in America
The Extent of American Zionism
FBI violated Americans’ privacy by abusing access to NSA surveillance data, court rules
Just launched a new podcast EOTT everything on the table that I think many here will resonate with....link in photo caption. Please do come and check it out.
Clinton WhistleBlower: FEDS Investigating Adam Schiff’s Disturbing Behavior at Ed Buck’s Meth &amp; Sex House He was there 16 times....
META: Reddit Censorship
What the Elite fear most is the people remembering just how powerful we really are. They fear us uniting, and they dont want us to remember how powerful our thoughts are or how much we can help create peace on earth.
Reddit app intentionally blacking out posts
The Organism 46B Conspiracy And The “Aliens” Of Lake Vostok
CIA had someone remote view mars from a million years ago. They had another where they had two people in completely different locations, with no contact from each other do the same thing for Jupiter and they both described seeing similar things
[Meta]What the fuck is this? That not a mod or a username on reddit...
If you testify against the police, you will be murdered and defamed
Russia spent $1.25 million on Facebook Ads. in 2016. Planned Parenthood is planning to spend $45 million to flip the Senate for Democrats
The myth of repressed memories
12 Things We Were Wrongly Told About Dinosaurs
Cows found drained of blood,parts removed with zero tracks found
Despite the bad rep so called “conspiracies” get this thread a billion times better than an r/politics
Atmospheric beasts are really eldritch abominations watching us
China is getting it from left and right and centre. The Hong Kong protest, the Uighurs Concentration Camp and the trade war. Can someone explain who manufactured these?
China is getting it from left and right and centre. The Hong Kong protest, the Uighurs Concentration Camp and the trade war. Can someone explain who manufactured these?
Investigative reporter Ronan Farrow describes how Israeli surveillance company Black Cube spied on him while he investigated the Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment allegations
Trump’s Drug Pricing Czar Found With ‘Multiple Blunt Force Injuries,’ Ruled Suicide. This is what happens when you take on Big Pharma.
Wasn’t sure where to post, Burger King app stealing location data?
Timeline of recent events
Do you think civilians should be allowed to carry pepper spray for defense?
U.S. Leading Another Coup Attempt in Iraq: The immediate aim is to bring down the government under Prime Minister Adel Abdel Mahdi who strove to stay neutral in the conflict between the U.S./Israel/Saudi Arabia and Iran. The violent protest in Iraq are part of a larger undeclared war against Iran.
Lithuanian government with the help of US are persecuting a Lithuanian family for exposing high ranked Lithuanian pedophiles
Anyone remember when the government poisoned people during alcohol prohibition? This vitamin E acetate is kinda ringing some bells for me....
Top 10 “Best” Devastating Foster Care System States Countdown: #10 Kansas
White Helmets Exposed: Collated Video Evidence of Terrorist Collusion - Over 50 Video Clips Prove Al-Qaeda Terrorists Collaboration
Why are the Elites covering up the existence of Hollow Earth and the lands beyond the Antarctic Ice Wall?
UK Shell Companies Served As US Weapons 'Rat Line' Into Syria: Years after the CIA billion dollar program 'Timber Sycamore', and after the US Department of Defense 'Train and Equip' program, more and more details of the nuts and bolts of covert aid to jihadists in the Levant are falling into place.
Beyond The 'Two'-Party Charade: Donald Trump Exposed As An Inside Tool Of The Zionist Swamp - (List of Zionists in Key Positions)
Post about Hong Kong with 54k upvotes removed
Bipartisan Senate Intel Report Finds Kremlin Directed Russian Social Media Meddling In 2016. After election, Russian Propaganda Increased [PDF]
Russian, North Korean State Media Team Up to Fight ‘Fake News’
Despite your view of our current sitting President, can we acknowledge that we are fortunate enough not to live in a dictatorship like that of China?
Trump: "Going into the middle east is the worst decision ever made in the history of our country! We went to war under a false &amp; now disproven premise. Weapons of mass destruction. There were none!" Pretty amazing conspiratorial statement from a supposed controlled Republican.
The short and simple one: market competition does not exist, global market is ruled and controlled by worldwide oligopoly.
FBI’s Use of Surveillance Database Violated Americans’ Privacy Rights, Court Found
China Expands Mass-Surveillance Program
Didn't realize Joe Rogan was so pro-war
There is heaven and hell
Subtle ways to drive the media narrative and they use almost every one.
The American Civil War II - The Proxy Wars
So just to recap: Hillary and the DNC hired a foreign agent to collect dirt on Trump during the campaign
Proof the President is fully in league with the neocon deepstate
Latvian government with the help of US are persecuting a Latvian family for exposing high ranked Latvian pedophiles
Superdollar (the biggest fraud in the world?)
Mind Computer part 3
Dallas Police say Joshua Brown murder was a setup in retaliation to testifying aka "SNITCHING"
The powers that be don't want you to remember how powerful you are, how powerful your thoughts are, or how much you can help create peace on Earth...
COME HELP US REACH GOAL ON YOUTUBE
Sandy hook firehouse
The Bible Violates The Community Guidelines For YouTube's Hate Speech Subsection (Specifically Leviticus 20:13) How long before it is banned? What will the fallout be?
Psychotronic Weapons – Chris Eagle
Count Cagliostro Was He a Charlatan Or a Martyr? by Manly P. Hall
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
Ghislaine Maxwell named as a Jeffrey Epstein recruiter in lawsuit filed by pedophile's victim
White House says it will refuse to cooperate with impeachment inquiry
Baconreader suggests a new filter
Psychic growth and my story
Planes spraying over central WI. Chemtrails?
How do you read censorship? I was talking with a friend about this Trump speech. Went to Youtube and couldn't find it in a search.
President Trump: “Fighting between various groups that has been going on for hundreds of years. USA should never have been in Middle East. Moved our 50 soldiers out. Turkey MUST take over captured ISIS fighters that Europe refused to have returned. The stupid endless wars, for us, are ending!”
Colin Powell says Trump's foreign policy 'is in shambles,' Republican Party needs to 'get a grip' we've got to remember that the Constitution started with, 'We the People,' not 'Me the President'
What is the fascination with the Illuminati conspiracy? - BBC Ideas
As long as we're exposing censorship in China, can we also expose Western censorship re: Hong Kong?
CNN reporter doctors footage of Bernie Sanders
Russia used social media to support Trump in 2016 at direction of Kremlin, Senate intelligence report says
Series on Az Prime: "This Giant Beast that is the Global Economy" -- looks like it could be good
Daddy Trump: stable genius.
Not a single U.S. troop has left Syria. There are no plans for any troops to withdraw. So why is Donald Trump, and why are his supporters, pretending that he's "ending wars"? It's a conspiracy to make stupid people think he's against war when really he's ramping up every conflict.
American spy's wife accused of death by dangerous driving, fled Britain 'from a US air force base'.
Greta thunberg school strike wasn't her idea. Bo thoren swedish lobbyist admits he suggested the idea to greta and then he contacted with the pr company "we don't have time" led by Ingmar Rentzhog and his think tank global utmaning to attract investors. (P4 radio interview starts at 3:03 mark)
Listen well
that you live in a simulation is a fact...
Just repeat after me: "The Chinese are oppressed but I am Free."
A look at China's population control systems
If flat earth is real, then what's underneth??
A very disturbing hypnagogic hallucination/dream
Who are you? What do you want? and How do you define your existence?
Vaping news
Russia's Not-So-Secret "Secret" Intel Unit That Is Seeking to Destabilize the West
The Aletheia "Truth" Memorandum: A Communique To The UFO Community
Can we question the opposite about the Anti-China/Pro HK movement on reddit?
There is a massive campaign in place to limit native births in all nations throughout the west while promoting heavy natalism among the "refugees" they import.
THE ALETHEIA "TRUTH" MEMORANDUM: A COMMUNIQUE TO THE UFO COMMUNITY
Getting The New Generation Of Nicotine Addicts To Start Smoking
interesting interview with the author of a book who claims that lyme disease is a biological weapon.
California suppresses, essentially bans, ham radio repeaters, a staple of state-control-free censorship-proof communications. Iraq killed internet this week to suppress dissent.
Is it true that somebody (other than the Fed) is getting away with counterfeiting billions of US Dollars?
Door bells ringing in commercials
Sj blackout
Beat Google Play’s Algorithm and Get 280 Million Installs
Research Discord And Henry Ford Hemp Vehicle/Ancient Tartaria Mudflood excerpt:
Scientific evidence non-ionizing radiation from mobile phones has mental and biological effects
I feel like were being amped up too much in this China event.
It has begun in California
Targeted Individuals Diagram
Is there a way to see "muted posts" on reddit? (I.e. mod muted the post after it had 10+ upvotes etc)
John Casablancas connection to the Epstein scandal, Jean Luc Brunel’s modeling agency, and Trump.
“Conspiracy Theorists” have the White House on the run
Town’s war with 5G: Devonshire officials in UK 'ban' installation of new high-speed network after campaigners demand further research into its effects on health
Anyone else feel like there’s some hidden reasons that they’re not telling us for shutting off power in California?
There is an astral world that you visit during sleep. The elite control this world with energy weapons. There are ways where you can cause events in the astral to manifest in the physical.
“Don’t Tread On Me China”
How can we get SUPPLIES in the hands of PROTESTORS? Why can't we organize an umbrella+gas mask+anti-facial-recognition laser donation for the Hong Kong protests?
The Truth About Roswell
Alex Collier, Lecture At The Ranch, (1996)
PG&amp;E safety hoax
New 5G LED street lights will be used for geo-engineering and radar
It's not a coincidence that Donald Trump fired John Bolton, refused to attack Iran, pulled troops out of Syria, and is now inviting Erdogan to The White House.
California planning to cut off power for upwards of 800k+ for 3-5 days
This is the actual mission patch for an American reconnaissance satellite launched in 2013. An octopus with its tentacles around the world, above the phrase "Nothing is Beyond Our Reach." Like, what?
Something seems weird about the Murder of Joshua Brown 🧐 | American Drool
0x Launches Instant, Delivers An Easy And Flexible Way To Buy Crypto Tokens
To further the narrative
Revelation
Never forget Harley guy from 9/11 was handcuffed at the lax shootings.
Obama ordered CIA to investigate ? James clapper admits?
Rosenstein is a traitor to his country
PG&amp;E is shutting power off to 14000 for as much a week fo 35mp gusts!!? I lived there 20 years! I've seen 85mph gusts WTF!!!!
The Chinese government donated $2.8 million to Bill Clinton's 1996 Re-election Campaign. The DNC are bought and paid for and owned by China. Change my mind.
A mysterious oil spill is polluting Brazil’s northeast coast. President Jair Bolsonaro suggests it was "criminally deposited" and says it isn't from his country.
Energy, Simultaneity, Consciousness and Unity
Rachel Maddow Blames RUSSIA For Ukraine-Gate
Ex-Prosecutor General Shokin's Case in Ukraine: Fight Against Corruption VS "Covering Tracks" of Ukrainian-American Corrupt VIP Scheme
Pure Coincidence
Multiverse theory?
What if the Nimitz UFO sighting was a glitch in the simulation
Woman Call A 14 Year Old Boy The N Word For Dropping Gum Wrapper.
Gowdy has started to play.
Unknown Wasting and Rapid Aging Disease Spreading Across the World
Would any of the US Cyber Force troops here like to do an AMA on topics of interest to r/Conspiracy?
Is John Bolton the whistleblower’s Deep Throat?
Rainbows Are Actually Gay Chemtrails, Study Confirms.
So he (Joshua Brown) was dealing drugs and got killed by his customers when the deal went bad. Not some big conspiracy by the police to silence him for his testimony.
Friend told me he was given fluoride pills to take along with his 2nd grade class in Pennsylvania 1992. Anyone else?
I saw a story today about Jimmy Carter and his black eye. Then I remembered seeing other political figures (Harry Reid, George W Bush, etc.) with the same. What gives?
What the hell is going on in Northern California right now? Shutting off the power for up to 5 days to 800k people because of nonexistent high winds.
Shocking how blatant this cover up is with the murder of Joshua Brown
The Psychedelic Origins of the Abrahamic Faiths [TRAILER #2] ft. Graham Hancock &amp; Harun Yahya
Random end of half run of the mill 3 pointer during preseason hits top of /r/all and gets a "couple" awards
The top 2 r/conspiracy posts this week are both anti-China, gilded and silvered with huge upvote counts about twice as much as the 3rd place post, and yet we're led to believe that such discussion is being "aggressively censored," while the front page is full of pro-Hong Kong protests every day.
"I'm wondering when being proud to be American became racist, when America doesn't have a race"
We are the __%
What do you guys think about the media trying portray Bush as a lovable guy?
What do you guys think about the media trying portray Bush as a lovable guy?
What do you guys think about the media trying portray Bush as a lovable guy?
China has been feeding the USA propaganda, brainwashing us for decades now
“Al-Qaeda now a US ally in Syria” — blast from the past. This 2012 article from an Australian newspaper spells it out. Americans can’t face it.
Okay now I know Schiff is Hunting the Witch when he cites the Constitution
The Rapidly Expanding and Efficient Network Insurgency Interlinking Local and Global Online Crowds of Distrust.
A rebuke of libertarianism
PG&amp;E claims it's about "preventing wildfires" and "fighting climate change", I'm in one of the effected regions....
U.N. Facing Cash Crisis Because Member States Behind on Payments, Could Run out of Money Before End of Year
Why are paedo's in the limelight given a free pass against Epstein.
Free Hong Kong. Log out of Reddit on October 14th.
well compiled list of sources detailing how libertarian anti-government and anti resolution movements were created and funded by corporate interests
'Not One Drop Of Blood': Cattle Mysteriously Mutilated In Oregon
'I Basically Just Made It Up': Confessions of a Social Constructionist
Big Wind and Turbines
Jimmy carter with a black eye on front page.
Exploring A Reddit Cult - any one remember this - taken from r/TeamUView
True geordie podcast: Jeffrey Epstein death
Bernie sanders had a heart attack and his daughter in law dies of cancer? idk seems like someone or something is trynna stop him from running
Haiku: "Repeat after me, the Chinese are the oppressed, and I am the Free."
Debunking Holocaust Denial
Behind The Illusion; Ellen Degeneres - Tiffany FitzHenry. Ellen is a CIA Asset
95-year-old former President Jimmy Carter helps building homes one day after falling and receiving stitches above his eye
My Cartoons...
Blizzard Suspends Hearthstone Player For Hong Kong Support, Pulls Prize Money
There is a huge power outage scheduled for the bay area
maybe Nikolai Yezhov was an agent of the German intelligence service
UNC Athletics may have been intentionally misdiagnosing student-athletes with ADHD and prescribing them Ritalin/Adderall
maybe Nikolai Yezhov was an agent of the German intelli- gence service
The CIA PsyOps tactic - weaponise confusion “Alice in Wonderland”
Apollo Investigation, A Stereoscopic Method of Verifying Apollo Lunar Surface Images by Oleg Oleynik, Ph.D.c. AULIS Online â Different Thinking
The Conqueror (1956 film) was filmed 130 miles downwind of a Nevada nuclear test site. The government assured local residents and the film crew everything was safe. 91 people of 220 in the cast and crew developed cancer in the years after the movie.
What ultimately happened to the Occupy movement? What do you think will happen to the Extinction Rebellion movement?
CIA’s Alice in Wonderland technique
Why does Google make it harder to find old news stories? On purpose?
The Joshua Brown/Amber Guyger story continues. The Dallas PD wants you to believe 3 people travelled over 4 hours to buy weed off of someone with no history of dealing drugs or criminality, then proceed to shoot him in the mouth AND THEN leave all the drugs and over $4000 dollars behind.
Amazon is going to kill more American jobs than China did, About 2 Million Jobs Lost
War is Peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength
Santa Rosa PG&amp;E Throwing the Switch Tonight
If you guys wanna see the episode that got SouthPark banned in China, here it is.
The Seven Trumpets
“Al-Qaeda now a US ally in Syria” — Truth expressed in a 2012 article in an Australian newspaper. (Gen. Flynn also warned the same in a Pentagon memo the same year)
Hmm
German plot
FACT: Most major porn sites, including PornHub, are now owned by a secretive “influencing” company called MindGeek. They are why simulated teens, incest, and cuckolding videos are taking over the industry as of late.
With Trumps Syria move under attack, I'd like to remind you that Saudi and Israel are arming and helping ISIS in Syria. This happened under Obama and Clinton and continues under Trump.
What are some of the best videos or books on conspiracies about the ancient Near/Middle East and North Africa (Mesopotamia, Sumer, Atlantis,etc.)?
UFOs in History - UFO Sighting Reported To Thomas Jefferson
There could be a covert campaign in the Western world to generate animosity towards China, similar to the one against the Arab world 2 decades ago.
Sentient Soy? – Grand Soy Unified Theory broken down
Mysterious plane crash that killed former secretary general may have been ‘external attack’, United Nations says
is the moon a reflection of a gigantic earth ? ( part two) - black sun , polaris
I need a whole list of people who are connected to Jeffrey Epstein, and Disney executives
I need a wholeness the people associated with Jeffrey Epstein and how they are connected
Epstein Accuser’s Lawyer: Ghislaine Maxwell Can’t Be Found
A giant skeleton a day: The Daily bulletin. May 22, 1884 "A prehistoric city" (7' 6" skeleton found in burial mound by Smithsonian associated ethnologist. *Includes links to Smithsonian report verifying height of skeleton as well as another 7')
Why do questions about Seth Rich's murder trigger such a severe backlash?
I finally got to launch my camera on a weather balloon to prove the earth is flat
Fix Google Chrome high CPU usage on Mac
Thoughts?
Since when is Reddit this crybaby? " All I said is : jews "
The comments on this article are 100% Chinese bots or astroturfers
154 Days without a School Shooting and Fewer Military Aircraft Incidents - Maybe the Deep State is running out of false flags
/r/thatHappened will be going dark on October 14th.
'No Real Thinking In Academia Anymore'- MIT Scientist Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai
Those that don't pay taxes don't deserve to use our public services
But His WhatsApp! Sondland called Trump before "no quid pro quo" text &amp; Used Private Messaging Service for Government Work
Reddit Aggressively Censoring Content Critical of China: Story about Hearthstone player banned by Blizzard for pro-Hong Kong statement removed from THREE different subs on the front page of /r/all
PPC Leader Maxime Bernier's Post Debate Scrum- The Man Keeps Fighting For Liberty!
PPC Leader Maxime Bernier Exposes Rest Of Canadian Parties As Traitors While Laying Out PPC Plan To Liberate Canada!
In Short Live TV Video PPC Leader Maxime Bernier Lays Out Pro-Liberty Platform To Liberate Canada!
Just a coincidence I start seeing these all over my hometown the day they announce a possible planned blackout due to high winds in a few days? Whatcha guys think? I live in CA btw.
Free Expression Is Under Attack In Canada.
I I’m here but am I really here?
(Sup YouTube. This "6" thing .. hmm .. is getting freakishly repetitive!) Anyone getting this lately? Or is it just another coincidence?
The HK protest coverage daily is overwhelming me.
We have approximately 20,000 Remote Automated Weather Stations that give us near perfect data. Here's the last 15 years of 'global warming' from a random California location. If we have the RAWS network, why do we need to adjust temperature data?
Late 1950s CDC releasing mosquitos in Atlanta?
Why conspiracy theorists rarely if ever find real answers to their questions:
A new free book on psi phenomena.
IDK Just What To Make Of This Movie Trailer. Praising/Loving 9/11? Terrible
Dan Schneider deleted 4,276 tweets yesterday.
Reddit has disabled awards. Speculation: in response to the negative coverage against Mainland China.
One arrested, two sought in fatal shooting of key witness in trial of Dallas cop Amber Guyger
Tencent-owned Reddit censors posts on China for second day in a row, in multiple subs
President Trump's Greatest Speech - The Plan (rare)
An attempt to cover up why she actually has a voice - "Supporting Greta Thunberg is evidence of 'white supremacy', activists claim"
Very interesting biography of Rothschilds I found while researching murder of the Romanov family.
The top comment in this thread about Blizzard just got removed. The suggested people wear pro-HK t-shirts to Blizzcon. The writer of the comment even made a page where everyone could buy such a t-shirt, with all of the money going to a Human Rights organization.
I posted a picture of Winnie the Pooh made of red and yellow leaves with the title: ‘autumn in China’ in /r/Sino. Within 10 minutes i was banned. China owns Reddit now i guess!
Victoria Nuland's Admits Washington Has Spent $5 Billion to "Subvert Ukraine"
Neil deGrasse Tyson on Stephen Colbert last night: Does his best to make a joke of recent UFO videos
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
Surprising lack of Spooktober content on Reddit this year, the same year as the massive Tencent investment
Sudden increase in "outrage" of American companies kowtowing to Chinese government demands awfully suspicious
Instagram removed Following tab
Heads Up, The Sky Is Falling, Planet X
Ambassador Gordon Sondland made phone call to Donald Trump in the 4 hours it took him to respond to Ambassador Bill Taylor with "no quid pro quo, let's stop texting" response.
The NBA Surrendered To The Chinese Government, But Bullied And Economically Blackmailed North Carolina's Government To Change Their Transgendered Bathroom Bill. The NBA's Entire 'Social Justice' Campaign Has Been Totally Exposed As Pretentious and Completely Insincere
George Bush said he’d support an amendment to the Constitution to ban same sex marriages, yet here we are. The rich have class unity, do you?
We always knew the world wasn't perfect. Now thanks to the internet we know the specific reasons why. That is what is driving everyone insane
Recurrent UTIs.
Do you think H.P. Lovecraft was really a prophet and his stories were warnings?
FDA Medical Adviser: Thanks to $100+ million in donations each year, “Congress is owned by pharma. The FDA isn’t going to hold pharma accountable, and Congress is getting paid to not hold pharma accountable, then it really doesn’t matter who the President is because it’s really about Congress.”
Massive list of companies that use 'slave labor' aka 'prison labor' to build their products. This list grows more by the month. Some of these companies laid off massive amounts of 'paid' labor over the years and increased the amount of 'slave' labor. An Incentive to incarcerate for $500 Alex
Massive list of companies that use 'slave labor' aka 'prison labor' to build their products. This list grows more by the month. Some of these companies laid off massive amounts of 'paid' labor over the years and increased the amount of 'slave' labor. An Incentive to incarcerate for $500 Alex
If you are still not noticing what is about to run the Genocide in Hong Kong you better see this.
Latest conspiracy
Helena Petrovna Blavatsky by Manly P. Hall
America 1st is a racist lie because the radical Left on r politics wants a Dictatorship.
Political correctness and this sub...
I want to share a YouTube channel that I really like with you guys. Spiritual So
Dear ACTUAL conspiratores... help me with light vs dark
Donald Trump: ‘Crooked One’ Hillary Clinton Should Steal Democrat Nomination from ‘Uber Left’ Elizabeth Warren
How many freemasons are in this world today?
...But just from what the Bidens have already put on the public record, we know they broke American laws, starting with the Hobbs Act, punishable by fines and imprisonment up to 20 years
2nd Civil War, Threat from above, Middle east peace
What will happen if trump wins in 2020
Conspiracy Podcast that is 420 friendly dicussing a wide range of topics including the deadly vapes which have been in the news.
Did you know that London Mayor Sadiq "Terrorism is Part and Parcel of Living in a Big City" Khan has a long history of providing legal counsel to violent radical terrorists?
Top Secret Russian Unit Seeks to Destabilize Europe, Security Officials Say
Elite American Institutions Keep Bowing To Communist China… Over And Over Again. This is because the plan is to have China replace the USA.
Don't be seduced by disingenuous patriotic flag waving
Check out the obituary of Podestas mom, in Amazing polly's video. With regards to certain rumours, it's rather creepy.
Whenever a conspiracy turns out to be true, a month later "everyone" already knew it, but you're still a conspiritard for thinking it goes deeper.
Big Empty
If the new XFL actually let's its players play football and hit hard they will surpass the NFL in rating in a few years.
Big Empty
Updated protocols for United States Marines and other armed forces as of 10/3/2019 for a response to a major disaster or emergency within the United States
Former Walt Disney VP Sentenced to Prison in Child Sex Abuse Investigation
Trump " We are saving lives at Idlib Province". Brett McGurk, US Middle East Envoy To Counter ISIS "Idlib is al-Qaeda's largest safe haven". Is Trump working for Israel or the American people?
Teen recounts horror of abduction into sex slavery- No, it's not just runaways or kids from troubled homes
If you Google a bunch of terms that are bad in terms of national or local security, what can happen?
Were there any children who went missing in Disney World?
What are some Disney conspiracies to look into?
Guilded post + 80% upvoted thread posted to /r/ClassicWow stating they would not stand with Blizzard if Blizzard stood with China removed by mods/admins
One of the Major Problems with Universal Basic Income, The Power of Centralization (UBI)
Did I just stumble upon som CIA shit?
The Industrial Scale Chinese Organ Harvest Industry
Proving the Flat Earth theory wrong in 5 mins, your move, Flat Earthers
Danish Citizens Are Suing the Danish State Over Forced 5G Installation
This is your fate if "the people" won
Witness in Trump-Ukraine Matter Ordered Not to Speak in Impeachment Inquiry
Neocons, Neoliberals and a Criminally Insane Infatuation with War: Among those objecting most loudly to an American withdrawal from the forever wars of the Middle East are those who were the most enthusiastic about plunging us in
Pelosi and Schiff Updated House “Impeachment Process” on August 12, 2019 – The Same Day as Whistleblower Complaint Received!
Why is nobody talking about the genocide going on in China?
There Is No Democracy in a Post-Truth World
What Prisons don't want you to know: A Florida inmate's secretly recorded film shows the gruesome reality of life in prison
Vatican Raided. MSM Blackout. Thoughts?
Reddit Aggressively Censoring Content Critical of China: Story about Hearthstone player banned by Blizzard for pro-Hong Kong statement removed from THREE different subs on the front page of /r/all
This wouldn’t post in rap so, a deeper descent by rover
Why
Millie Bobby brown thinks the earth is flat and randomly starts singing drake song
Read about military activation in here - spotted a caravan of white buses and military vehicles in Dahlonega, GA. Probably 25+ vehicles, half her buses.
E-cig vapor linked to cancer in mice
The Elite don't want you to know how powerful you, or your thoughts really are. Here is one mass meditation that can help create peace in Syria which affects all of us. Please join us in meditation.
at least 62% of the 21 measles cases in Texas in 2019 occurred in vaccinated individuals
Democrats Keeping Key Impeachment Witness Transcripts Secret
Crosspost from r/dataisbeautiful
Joker 33 Phoenix Masonic King Kill 33° Ritual MIND-FUCK and Rabbit Hole | Clocks @ 11:11 | Jimmy Carter JC Jesus Christ
Where are the 2020 republican presidential candidates amidst all the impeachment news??
Sex
Right Favorite Lies About Taxes
Dear Greta
I am the real Truman Capote
Friendly reminder that today and tonight Hasidic Jews in Borough Park Brooklyn (and all over the world) will cleans themselves of sin by sacrificing countless chickens during their Saturn worship holiday of Yom Kippur
Post about Hearthstone player banned by Blizzard removed from r/pics, no rules actually broken
The General Prosecutor's seat at the price of $1 billion: Shokin's replacement. ...Joe Biden promised twice to bring evidence about the alleged corruption of Shokin, which would have served as the dismissal of the Prosecutor General, but not a single fact of corruption was provided
Kinda wish Epstein wasn’t exposed now
Queen Elizabeth I holding reptile in original portrait
The Magic? School Bus 2
Scientists have unlocked the power of gold atoms but is this technology new or ancient?
Mind Computer part 2 (read part 1) (My Current Notes shows what knowledge comes from installation).
Feeling everything is Fake
Smart street lights - have a telecell controlling each one that can detect other devices. How does this factor into tracking internet enables devices? Does anyone have any information on their accesibility to other devices? I.e. could they be used as a tool for hacking?
Evidence suggests Ukraine played key role in creating Trump–Russia collusion narrative at behest of Obama officials
'Maddening' Graphic Shows How 400 Richest Americans Paid Less In Taxes Than Any Other Income Group — "The question of our time is this: will we tolerate it? Or will we take back our democracy from the oligarchs who run this country?"
Post about Hearthstone player banned by Blizzard removed from r/pics, no rules actually broken
Just Leaving This Here... Declas FBI Docs Re: Uranium One Transaction
Atleast another sub remembers.
So are the South Park guys a bastion of truth and the last uncorrupted source of entertainment, or are they paid shills?
[Meta] A reminder on China
Pocahontas ( AOC for old people ) is Harvard's First Woman of Color
Get off Trumps nuts, he is not fighting for you
CPS Worker Defies Gag Order, Exposes Violent Child Sex Ring in State Foster System. A beautiful young child taken from a bad situation and put into a horror movie. The home was run by a high ranking member of military. The state only arrested a few,then went after the whistleblowers. Bad to worse.
Joker: Convicted pedophile Gary Glitter set to earn big royalties | Proving once again it's a small world, and shit rises to the top
Consipracy theory- Australia has actually acquired nukes
CIA drug import
CSI drug import
Isreal
Rosa Koire talks about United Nations' AGENDA 21 aka "Sustainable Development action plan"
April Sacrifice Month
Where do i report pedophiles ?
How do you balance order and chaos, duty and freedom?
Ellen Degenerate &amp; W. Bush Personal Friends @ NFL Game. Why is anyone surprised?
US returning stolen artifacts to Iraq after Saddam Hussein’s raid. Items include Mesopotamia artifacts from Iraq’s National Museum
Liberal Hollywood at it again: Joker movie was a windfall for pedophile
How they track you, even without 5G.
Four Year Iconic Mormon Temple Closure Is Illusion For Coming 9/11 Style Attack On Next Door 30 Story "Church Office Building".
Does anyone find it strange that South Park totally skipped over the entire Epstein scandal?
Schulz
Rosa Koire talks about United Nations' AGENDA 21 aka "Sustainable Development action plan"
Really wonder why that is...
Soul-Catching Net: Are We “Recycled” At Death To Remain In The Matrix?
Four Year Iconic Mormon Temple Closure Is Illusion For Coming 9/11 Style Attack On Next Door 30 Story "Church Office Building".
Honesty I agree with Trump
Did any of you forget about the back to the future conspiracy warning?
Let's talk about Alien Life. What if UFOs are extraterrestrial but they originate from one of the moons of Saturn or Jupiter?
Ima ruin your childhood
Why did this thread go silent
Truth About Vaping Episode 1 Why They Hate Us
Twitter executive for Middle East is British Army 'psyops' soldier
From the NonProfit Industrial Complex with Love » The Manufacturing of Greta Thunberg
Mind Computer (P A)
From the NonProfit Industrial Complex with Love » Extinction Rebellion Training, or How to Control Radical Resistance from the ‘Obstructive Left’
Antifa Joins War In Syria - US Directly Supported Antifa In Syria
You Can See USA Support To Antifa In This Picture
Missing 411
I lost social credit. I can never go home.
Its been 10 years since Gunn's horrific tweets, why is he still a pedo?
So its kind of weird, but not really conspiracy
Security service wiped Finucane hard drives
Are we being lied to about the wealth of characters such as Elon Musk and Donald Trump?
one
What happened to the Tahoe story
1
Dunce caps
Is there a Paranormal Bureau of investigation
November 3, 2019: possible false flag attack on Seattle
Donald Trump removes troops from Syria &amp; 2 white Democrat/Republican females get pissed. The only people who have an interest in keeping US troops in Syria are those owned by people w/ US/EU oil pipeline business interests. Syria = Ukraine.
The all come together over war
Ukraine explained
Stop speculating about slaying of Amber Guyger witness: Mayor
In the 1940s, the top marginal rate was 90%, boxer Joe Louis was over $500k in debt to the IRS. Unlike later athletes, he had no tax shelters or clever accountants. Louis retired in 1949, but now he had to fight again. "I had to keep working to pay taxes but the more I worked, the less I had."
The Clintons and Conspiracy Theories
🤔🤔🤔
DisHonorable Judge Thomas Schroeder refuses to recuse himself, lies about Brian D. Hill of USWGO news, denys his motions for recusal/Stay
Bright insight?
Deep State Goes Ballistic That Trump Pulling Troops From Zionist War in Syria
BIGGEST CONSPIRACY 2019
Green Party of Canada: "The climate crisis is the single biggest economic opportunity in generations"
South Yemen’s Oil Resources. The Chimera of Wealths
Was Trump on the list of people who visited Epstein’s island? If that is the case, is that direct implication of him being a diddler?
Massive Truth Drop: Large Compilation of Mainstream Media Articles and Interviews Provide Overwhelming Evidence That Israel Supports Islamic Terrorist Groups in Syria
Governor Charlie Baker has banned vaping in Massachusetts, their has been 1 unconfirmed vaping death in MA in the 20 years of it's existence, mean while we lose 9'300 from cigarettes a year in MA.
Is Big Data the Next Dot Com Bubble?
I'm positive apple technology listens to what you say at all times, but is it possible that it does even more than that?
YouTube is broken.
Genuine question.
Lets see how this goes within a month.
How deepfakes undermine truth and threaten democracy | Danielle Citron - TED Talk
The 116 ain't doin shit
Clinical Trials Show Antidepressants "Not Beneficial in the Long Term"
Clinical Trials Show Antidepressants "Not Beneficial in the Long Term"
BOMBSHELL: Audio, Email Evidence Shows DNC Colluded With Ukraine To Boost Hillary By Harming Trump, Report Says
Clothing too tight vs too loose trends
Conspiracy podcasts?
On October 6th 2017, Trump met with Senior Military leaders and posed before the press. He famously stated to the press that it could be “The calm before the storm”. Today, on October 7th 2019. Trump meets with Senior Military once again.
The King has the Keys to the Kingdom
DisHonorable Judge Thomas D. Schroeder orders imprisonment of Brian D. Hill of USWGO news; like his premeditated order in June, 2019
Just watched a Simpsons episode where Mr. Burns walks into the wrong room and says "I'm here for my blood transfusion, but I don't see any babies..." Relevant Matt Groening / Epstein connection.
The 1940's was all a cartoon
Where can I find the high quality version(s) of all of these multiple camera angles from the attempted Reagan Assassination
The Nazis didn't know how to use guns
The US created ISIS in order to effect regime change in Syria, and then used the Kurds in the effort to topple Assad.
The Pyramids Of Rock Lake - History Hidden In Plain Sight
Interesting symbols for a placenta donation program
NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh In This 2016 Video Is A Sikh Supremacist Sitting With Sikh Terrorists Talking About Their Superiority &amp; Violence On Others!
Do not let the current news cycle distract you from the fact that states have banned and are planning to ban legal, flavored, nicotine vape products based on a false narrative.
[30 May 2008 ] Scientists sign petition denying man-made global warming
Who was the WH official who gave their opinion of the call to the CIA operative whistleblower?
Why M Peach now ? Think RBG
Few Pics I Took From Joker Movie That Seemed Suspicious!
Looking for an old post
The US Ranks Low in "Safety From The State" Human Rights Measurement.
[30 May 2008 ] Scientists sign petition denying man-made global warming
The BUSHES Have Been Linked To Their Own Ukraine Energy Corruption Scandal !
Zion Will i am son New Orleans #1 "ZION RISING" This is how it's done, folks
Is anyone else here an alcoholic?
Trudeau Pedophile!
Hypocrite! Jagmeet Singh Speaking Alongside Sikh Terrorists!
Michelle Malkin’s “Open Borders, Inc.”: Catholic Church Works With Soros To Destroy America’s Sovereignty!
Michelle Malkin’s “Open Borders, Inc.”: Catholic Church Works With Soros To Destroy America’s Sovereignty!
Skeptics on Twitter (thread)
Did the Deep State poison Donald Trump?
Crucial: How The Illuminati Want To Control You! - David Icke
You know it’s bad when even a twitter meme account posts about it
Hillary Emails Reveal NATO Killed Gaddafi To Stop Libyan Creation Of Gold-Backed Currency!
Hillary Emails Reveal NATO Killed Gaddafi To Stop Libyan Creation Of Gold-Backed Currency!
Conspiracy Theory Stand Up Comedians
Banned from /r/Sino for saying "winnie the pooh" - The ban message is hilariously ignorant
Just came across this gem while cleaning my place up. I’ve been questioning the system since a young man.
Calling BS on the UN troops in the USA story
Cops put a chip on your car.
This case has recently captured my attention. I'm surprised it isn't being discussed more on here.
USA invading Mexico
Interview with military pilot who witnessed UFO with in-flight video of UFO (Commander David Fravor on Joe Rogan)
False flags?
Makes sense
Google vs. Yahoo!
Nobody is insane
bob lazar sounds like a liar.
Trump defends decision to withdraw troops from Syria amid GOP criticism
You’re Never Alone: Tech Tyranny And Digital Despots – Oct. 7
Logan Paul, while talking about having Alex Jones on his podcast, mentions he got "higher up" and "powers that be" flak for having him on. What do you think he meant by this?
Lindsey Graham: US pullout from Syria will put Israel at risk.
(Readable Transcript w/ Printable Transcript in Comments) Joe Rogan Experience #1361 — Cmdr. David Fravor &amp; Jeremy Corbell
What's with the Anger?
Area 51 secrets EXPOSED, Area 51 UFO/aliens, BEST Area 51 documentary!
Questions.
Planes are painted on a revolving sky dome
Is Snapchat censoring / restricting the sharing of morbid wikipedia articles? (Sorry if it's kind of hard to make out what I'm saying, English is not my first language and talking alone feels awkward to me)
The Wire Mother - Silicon insanity
Get Ready for Colder Weatherr?!? Have any of you heard about the next Grand Solar Minimum?
This app that counts down till your death, will flash Morse core with your led on the phone can someone help me find out what the Morse code says.
Blink-182 connections to conspiracy
Why dont taxes and fines work this way?
Gary Webb...
This is perpetuating the division of people, even conspiracy theorists. I know many people here to insist that you view these posts (on r/conspiracy) through a nonpartisan lens, and I fully believe that we should drop the right/left stuff when we are here. And this article actually irritated me.
I’m on that Chris breezy
Since Trump has declared the removal of troops from Syria... there will now be a terrorist attack blamed on IS and the media will get super critical of Trump removing troops
No One Can Explain These Mysterious Ice Circles in The Arctic Evidence Of Alienbase
Bye Clarence - Court quake ready to Rumble
Hunderds of Iraqi youth getting shot at and literally rockets flying over their heads. They have decided to protest and speak up about the corruption of the government in the past 16 years ( since the USA invasion to Iraq).
Lawmakers SLAM Trump over U.S. troops pull-back as 'betrayal of allies'
Why the push to stay in Syria? Were not the Kurds only allies.
Ian Hislop's Fake News: A True Story
Who are the Kurds and why should we believe everything the MSM tells us about them?
The Harold Wallace Rosenthal Interview (1976): "We control every media of expression including newspapers, magazines, radio and television. Even your music! We censor the song released for publication long before they reach the publishers. Before long we will have complete control of your thinkng."
The Pentagon just got hacked....
The UK classified Rudolf Hess files until 2050 because they include proof that they had negotiated with Hitler a peace treaty from June 14th to June 18th 1941 and that the royal air force had already planned a raid on Soviet targets, Russian historian says in an interesting video.
"To be honest with you, it would be better for the United States to support a Kurdish nation across Turkey, Syria and Iraq," said the National Security Council official. "It would be another Israel in the region." - Newsweek
IS THERE SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE ZAPRUDER FILM AS SOME CLAIM?
Where is Joseph Alcoff? The Guy Who Punched the Marines During an Antifa Rally
Bill Burr On Climate Change Not Being Real
Did Jimmy Carter join a black eye club?
The Messiahs &amp; The Geeks The Justice Warriors ESFP &amp; INTJ (Se,Fi,Te,Ni)
Isn’t it funny how ISIS was releasing a studio quality production video every other week, and then suddenly nothing.
US Navy pilot says mystery ‘dark mass’ emerged from ocean and swallowed ...
I posted South Park's newest episode "Unban in China" to Videos, it just hit the top of reddit then got banned for "politics"
Iraqi youth getting shot at and literally rocked flying over the heads because they decided to protest and speak up about the 16 years of government corruption and the executions of the innocents. The consequences of USA 2003 invation to Iraq.
The Immortal
MKULTRA PRINGLES AD
Something interesting I have noticed about Reddit
Weird coincidence that all these titles have such formats isn’t it?
Is this "shadow banning" complaint BS or what?
It would be Mexico ........
Jeffery Epstein Podcast!!
How clever was the conversation shift from unbiased "pollution" to super-politicized "climate change"?
Thoughts on 2nd Civil War....
The Immortal
Deep State Censored Anti-Deep State Essay
Can someone help me find a specific link?
What happened to the video on top of /all showing hundreds of blindfolded prisoners being lead away?
Smoking Gun Of Temperature Fraud - "This is not science. They are Erasing Americas Important History."
The real reason everyone opposes the Trump Syria move.
The recent pro-Hong Kong / anti-China hysteria is another US destabilizing operation.
About Elizabeth Holmes / Theranos -- interesting comment I saw
Climate scientists had found the weather to be "unusually clear" on 9/11
Help
If The Establishment Rallies Around Someone, They're Not A Threat to the Establishment
Will the BBC Ignore Cosbys death
Former President Jimmy Carter, paying dues to the occult ladies and gentlemen.
Brendan Gleeson to play Donald Trump in James Comey miniseries 'A Higher Loyalty'
Hillary Clinton and Nikki Haley tweet almost the exact same message on minute apart
PDF of Rare Book---The Irish And Catholic Power : An American Interpretation(1953), by Paul Blanshard
WATCH: Joe Biden Brags About Rigging The Ukranian Political System [Secular Talk]
Oh my god.
How the DNC manipulates polls and uses its billionaire media partners to twist democracy to their favored candidates.
This sub has gone to fucking hell
Ukraine 'Anti-Corruption' Director Bragged About Helping Hillary Clinton In 2016: Leaked Audio
Trump Organization Black Cube
Hmm? Everything makes sense now.
UK is the most powerful nation mentally
We often hear that the Zionist Jews who run the Israel are Khazarian (i.e., Ashkenazi) Jews. Even my brother-in-law who was born in Brooklyn and lives here in the USA insists that he's a Ashkenazi Jew. Is the State of Israel a cover for an Ashkenazi conspiracy to create a new Ashkenazi Empire?
Stones found in Puerto Rico might be linked to one of the 12 Tribe of Israel
What promises were made between Trump and Turkey (Erdogan) regarding Syria? To allow a Kurdish State to form using part of Syria's territory? To honor Israeli annexation of part of Syria?
If all it takes is one whistleblower to impeach a President. Why aren’t Republicans bringing up Snowden?
Mysterious creature Yeti frightened tourist in the forests of Russia 2019. a tourist was traveling in the woods shot outdoors, in the forest met a strange creature Bigfoot. he managed to get these on camera
Some of the most famous doctored photographs of WW2
The US and Israel - Al-Qaeda's Best Friends - Exposing the White Helmets : Collated Video Evidence of Terrorist Collusion - Over 50 Video Clips
Joshua Brown, Prosecution Witness In Amber Guyger Murder Trial, Fatally Shot At Dallas Apartment Complex
Joshua Brown, key witness in Amber Guyger's murder trial, gunned down 10 days after testifying - CNN Video
Trump: ‘We’re leaving Syria.’ Neocons go nuts!
“ they won’t serve us pizza anymore “ these people are sick
To make his death look like a suicide
[Unpopular Opinion] "predictive programming" is really just random data that people string together to try to make sense of a complicated and traumatic event. Cookie Monster from 1976? Really?
Marines Activated on US Soil
The Authentic and Complete History of the A.M.O.R.C. (Reading List/Bibliography) 4/5
Did James Patterson write the book "The President is Missing" based on Donald Trump?
Obama dead? Most likely false but definitely thought provoking. Thoughts?
12,000 Year Old Discs Proving Alien Life Found in China
r/SandersForPresident is controlled opposition
Billionaire, friend avoid jail time with $1 million donation plea deal in Las Vegas
Chinese Propaganda in HKLiveMap police tracker reviews?
Video discussing possibility of False Flag attack on Seattle on Nov 03, 2019
Secret cities/communties?
UFOs and Aliens are Real?!?!?
Joker earning huge royalties for convicted pedo - they are all in this together.
Weather Center Hurricane Expert Says “The humans” Rather Than “We”?
Hong Kong Live Map Police Tracker - Propaganda in the reviews?
Activist and Journalist Derrick Broze is being censored in his run for Mayor of Houston, here’s the interview they won’t play on air.
Pilot breaks down the pentagon flight path. 9/11 Idk if you seen this video, but it’s really good. The flight path of the pentagon hit is really interesting. The g forces, navigation, control and timing is explained. The pentagon is my woke moment
I'm the whistle-blower Bioengineer that disclosed the underground labs/bases. I was attacked Friday night by a Black government/military ran program, that abducts people from National Parks.
Is the US next
R/aboringdystopia
The Magic? School Bus
Anyone in the Denver area see a UFO being followed by the Navy's triangular craft this morning around 1 am?
Is WeWork thrown under the bus to cover UBER/LYFT IPO Valuation?
Views of Sputnik Representatives on West's Smearing &amp; Censoring of Russian Media
America's Next Top Model?
EMF Radiation Threat in A/C Units?
Insight
Truth Factory: A Deep-Dive Into Pedogate
Epstein's Trail Leads to the Top: A Collection of Articles and Videos That Help Connect the Dots
WarnerMedia is the parent company to the likes of Joker and CNN: is there something more there?
¿Nicki Minaj Supports Mass Shootings?
Truth Factory: A Deep-Dive Into Pedogate
This was on my snapchat feed this morning. I find one of the pictures very disturbing...
How Taxes On The Wealthy Have Fallen Over The Past 70 Years in America
Obvious signs of upcoming Genocide
Open letter saying Ukraine whistleblower did nothing wrong and deserves protection - Signed by Donald Trump's own National Security Officials
What Documentary Should We Feature Next?
Trump tweeted about the Mothman Festival. Here's why West Virginia celebrates a winged humanoid cryptid.
The MOST Occult Symbol is in the Joker Movie. Who saw it? Name it and I'll fork some coinage
Christianity is a fake religion, stolen from Ancient Persians
Youtube's auto-fill
Atleast another sub remember.
DOJ Pressures Facebook to Build Back-Doors in Encrypted Products
Honestly, is something being hidden?
The Last Prophet - The Legacy of William Cooper (2002)
Nazi Concentration Camp in Germany. Kashgar Detention Center in China. I wonder what happens next?
Gaddafi's ex spokesperson: we have been proven right
Do Not Forget USA Literally Funded Antifa and Far-left Extremist Militant Groups In Syria
Question: Were/Are Turkey connected to ISIS
What is this? It is on a light pole, and has antennae. Antennae to left of pole.
Spider senses tingling...
The ____.io games is just AI learning how to perfect itself
The Annotated Admiral Thomas Wilson UFO Document - Ultimate Edition (Three Important Mysteries of the Document Revealed!)
People here often mention "The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion"; might it be worth finding out what they actually contain?
People her often mention "The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion"; might it be worthwhile finding out what they actually contain?
SKITTLES ADVERT CONSPIRACY
Iconic architect Frank Lloyd Wright was a womaniser, a narcissist and a pathological liar. But was he also a multiple murderer? When his mistress and her two children were brutally murdered and their house set on fire, the blame was pinned on a slave, who was illiterate and had his tongue cut out.
For Those Not Trapped In The Left/Right Paradigm: 9/11's Dancing Israeli's and Donald Trump Exposed As A Tool Of The Zionist Swamp
Marine Reserves Activated
Fake Alien Invasion already begun
Rihanna in 1990 C+C Music Factory Gonna Make You Sweat video at 3:29
Are there any Bigfoot conspiracy theories?
Troops being pulled out of the Middle East
Epstein Victim Claims Connection between Epstein and Deborah Palfrey.
Have you ever tried to access TeenNick while using a VPN? Try it.
Reminder that Jeffery Epstein’s New Mexico Zorro Ranch has yet to be raided or entered to search for evidence.
Evidence EPA Colluded With Monsanto to Dismiss Cancer Concerns Grows Stronger. Emails obtained through the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) shows an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) official colluded with Monsanto to manipulate and prevent key investigations into glyphosate’s cancerous side.
The Last Prophet - The Legacy of William Cooper (2002)
Who is this? Need your opinion
Misinformation? Or a genuine police cock up? I'm not so sure with this one. Seems far too obvious...
US Military Investing In Pre-Crime Technology: Here is the commercial solicitation- Criminal/Terrorist Intent Determination Technology that Provides Real-Time Alerting
Can someone explain what this community is about? Looks a lot like propaganda for China, always bashing western systems, especially the US. It looks extremely constructed in my opinion.
What do you guy think of Ron Legarski?
Joker Movie secret advertisement using scare tactics
I think it is time to stop using the word "centrists." Someone can come up with something better, but they are radically corporate controlled.
During Syria Revolution there are white men on a building taking shots at protesters. One man in all black does a front flip to get to the next building. This was done to frame the Syrian Government as the shooters.
You need to watch this, it's really interesting.
This should really bother you... we are so close people.
A conspiracy about the USA/911/middle east/israel/saudi/IRan.
Reminder: the very first speech Trump gave after his inauguration was at the CIA
US Now Admits it is Funding "Occupy Central" in Hong Kong - Global Research
Earthquake lights
Travis Scott video shows connection between the Royal bloodline and reptilians/alien race
Twitterstorm as Trump Calls for ‘Guilty Nervous Nancy’ and ‘Shifty Adam Schiff’ to Be ‘Impeached’
TRAVIS SCOTT MUSIC VIDEO SHOWS CONNECTION BETWEEN ROYAL FAMILY AND REPTILIANS
Owen Benjamin is a legend.
Daughter of Psychologist Testifying about Torture Program
Ashton Kutcher opens up about illusionary truth
Another NO-JAIL-TIME for Child Rapist: Judge James P. McClusky, Jeffrey County New York only gave ONLY 10-year probation to Shane Piche, 26 year old who raped 14-year old
In 2016 Elizabeth Warren signed a letter asking Barack Obama to veto any UN resolution that condemned Israel's illegal settlements - even symbolic acknowledgements. Almost everyone in the Senate signed this letter, but Bernie Sanders didn't.
This is how, slowly but steadily, the Asian film industry is normalizing plastic surgery which is catastrophically adopted there, thoughts?
Google warns millions of Android users at risk of surveillance from Israeli firm
"WORLD TAKE NOTE!": Genocide of Christians in Nigeria...
Check this profile out. It’s like it got hacked and is sending extremely random possibly cryptic messages. It did it once before 52days ago but then went back to normal. Maybe nothing, maybe something.
Last Message To My People #NCCC...
5G will apparently give you noise bleeds and cook your eyes like eggs. Not to worry, some undergrads suggest you buy a frequency selective surface - that way you can block 5G but still use 4G.
We haven’t seen the CIA/MSM/Intelligence Agencies this hell bent on ending a Presidency since John F. Kennedy. Who here is siding w/ the CIA?
Houston Rockets manager deletes tweet that spoke in support of Hong Kong protesters after China consulate tells team to ‘correct the error’
Just a weird youtube video experience. Didn't know where else to ask advice.
Donald Trump just announced that he is allowing Turkey to invade Syria. Hundreds of thousands of Kurds who helped defeat ISIS will be slaughtered. What is Trump getting in return for this?
Update on the MH17 Case
Canada: Over Our Dead Bodies: 1+ million NON-WHITE Immigrants coming in to REPLACE THE WHITES!
Imagine going to /unpopularopinions and down voting unpopular opinions.
Massive black drone flying over my house at 12 am???
Legislator says three Jewish billionaires bought control of Congress
9,200 Whites leave: Big increase in (White?) South Africans moving to New Zealand – &amp; 1 black
First men on the moon are getting old and will not live much longer. Get ready for deathbed confessions of the grand hoax.
YSK: that 3,000 areas in the U.S. have lead poisoning rates double those in Flint
Hillary Emails Reveal NATO Killed Gaddafi to Stop Libyan Creation of Gold-Backed Currency
Just a reminder in 2008 the Banks gave out billions in shit loans and bet against their own loans on purpose, deliberately causing the GFC, knowing that Washington would bail them out years prior. This is still going on to this day. This isn't even a conspiracy, this is common knowledge.
The Construed Coup – Anti-American pro Globalists stage Coup d’état in USA | Zero Hedge | Zero Hedge
Yeah fuck this...
Andrew Joyce – The Four Pincers of Cabalist Control
(August 13, 2012) Conspiracy Theorists: UFO Over Antarctica?
Ice Ages caused by the solar system traveling through galactic arms theory
randopod with nick hinton and comrade, featuring special guest jamal senior developer of randonautica app. we talk reality creation, reality shifting, mandela effect, future of the randonauts
The Psychedelic Origins of the Abrahamic Faiths [TRAILER #1] ft. Puscifer &amp; Led Zeppelin
YOUR GOVERNMENT IS POISONING YOU (Stay Woke)
Bernie Sanders faked a heart attack so he could NO REFUNDS again without the same fallout he got in 2016.
Tinder Swipe Night (asteroid impact predictive programming)
Let's take a moment and think
Gnostic Moon Landing
What is the Jesuit Conspiracy?
The number of people who don’t believe the elite use otherworldly weapons/power to control/program us, stagers me...
Mandela effect is a coverup
Found in a pizza place I frequent (note the symbol in the O); this was only added recently, under new management
My favourite line from the new Joker movie
Is China the New Super Power of the World or what? Silencing every other Country, even the USA? #Hong Kong #Xinjiang.
Disney reptilians
This becomes more and more relevant. Heading to Project Bluebeam
The science is settled
People In Iran Rioting And Attacking Government Buildings After Claims Gov’t Used Contaminated Needles And Gave People AIDS
NEW MONSTERS INC THEORY PROVES REPTILIANS RUN THE WORLD!?!????
Red October: CIA Coup In Progress! (Alligators &amp; CIA Snakes)
Google is listening
Trump's tweet are pretty bad sometimes but holy fucking shit have you seen the replies?
What is the story behind Soros?
Why has American society become so obsessed with socially ,isolated white males???
Bill introduced by Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. It's sole purpose is to give anyone that has or will enter America illegally, access to tax payer funded welfare. It'd be like the mall on black Friday. PDF
(August 17, 2011) Carlyle Group IPO Is An Eeeeevil Conspiracy But There Are Some Nice Things About It Too
They put harmful chemicals and metals in everything!
(December 9, 2011) Korn Frontman: 'Obama Is an Illuminati Puppet' - "I've been really getting into the Illuminati and the whole conspiracy theory - the New World Order," explained Davis.
This is the video that turned me off to Trump. 100% Illuminati, Mason, SATANIST
What if?
Has anyone heard from @thehoneybee_? Banned from Twitter and no YT posts in Al me pay a year now
9/11 and clear skies?
Funny conspiracy and Reddit Algo.
The largest bandwidth on the internet is pornography, which ... strange as it may seem, is owned by the same people who produce all the other entertainments and who control the degree of truth permitted in the media.
Explain to me why I was looking at a couple of old candles on my mantle earlier and thought “I wonder if DW candles are only sold at Homegoods?”. I never spoke it. I never googled it. But this is my targeted ad from 5 minutes ago.
Prince Andrew claims 2010 Jeffrey Epstein visit in NYC was to end friendship
What global warming prediction has ever come true?
I believe the Vatican are satanists
Mia Khalifa number two on Pornhub but has not shot a scene since 2015. Now she is on Spotify.
Don't know to put this
[Meta] Is this sub supressing content?
At Fukushima plant, a million-tonne headache: radioactive water
Biosolids: mix human waste with toxic chemicals, then spread on crops
Conspiracy YouTuber made bankrupt after YouTube demonetized the channel for conspiracy content, has proof of YouTube suppressing videos.
im definetly being spied on or something man, i got a tab of acid today and sent a pic of it to my cousin and told a few friends, few hours later i get this ad on snapchat. its laughable the way they have a pill with ‘lsd’ on it lmaoo, but fr we all being spied on
Something Fishy: NY Child Rapist Got a Slap on the Wrist
This is absolutely disgusting
I just watched a trailer for "Swipe Night" from Tinder, and I am shocked by the premise. Swipe Night is an interactive adventure where your choices can lead to matches that would be suitable for the END OF THE WORLD.....
Where can we find the old content?
Among all the threads about Hunter Biden's qualification to hold a job in a private company, here is a reminder that Ivanka Trump represents the USA in meetings with world leaders and her husband is supposed to bring peace to the Middle East
Impeachment is a distraction to keep us divided and focused on negativity. Ignore it, and focus on the positive changes you want to see.
First Responders, Family Members, and AE911Truth Take to the Halls of Congress on 9/11
Press blocked from printing article about Trudeau's relationship with a 17 yr old girl
"Last Ride to Liberty High" is a no-budget short film I made that may or may not be about school shootings.
Gaddafi's plan for a pan-African independent power as the main reason for which the Western neocolonialists finally destroyed Libya
After 10 months living in SLC, the bf and I finally visited the infamous Fun Time Kidz Kare
Elites and Transcendental Meditation
Dna stolen? Hair plucked from my head 2 times on different occasions
Why is this sub so right wing?
THE PELOSI CONNECTION: Uranium Mines, Ukrainian Soccer and Chinese Weapons - The Key is PAUL PELOSI
You Didn't Hear About These INSANE Stories And There Is A Reason!
Diminishing trust in Government agencies (CIA and FBI)
A lot of you are dumb anti-semites.
Is Trump the first American President against the "Illuminati" and that's why they try to impeach him? Just asking, no trump supporter
Biden accuses Obama of participating in his corruption “Well, son of a bitch, he got fired. And they put in place someone who was solid at the time,” Biden told the Council on Foreign Relations event, insisting that President Obama was in on the threat."
Was Connor Betts a sleeper cell of the United States Government?
They are not real whistleblowers -- just #deepstate operatives trying to pull-off a coup before the Brennan / Comey / Clinton crimes explode onto the scene.
“Last Ride to Liberty High” is a no-budget short film I made last year that may or may not be about school shootings.
Was Corner Betts the first Antifa mass murderer?
How come I hear about the likes of Cardi B ALL the way over here in the Middle East at least TWICE a week but nothing about yellow vests in France or the Hong Kong riots on mainstream media?
Rwandan Genocide is a psyop test?
David Wilcock Exposes the Reptilian Agenda
The Lie We Live – I’m Speechless (Video) I think this material has all the answers!
Inside the Internet Censorship
Let's get real: Democrats were first to enlist Ukraine in US elections
Two names were together on LinkedIn
Question about the 'American Moon' documentary
The US has military satellites that spy on the entire world 24/7
The Lie We Live - I'm Speechless (video)
In a sworn affidavit, Shokin testified that when he was fired he was told the reason was that Biden was unhappy about the Burisma investigation. “The truth is that I was forced out because I was leading a wide-ranging corruption probe into Burisma Holdings"
Eating pork, will lead to illnesses and diseased bodies? Could that be the reason why our Creator has forbidden it as food.
u/Zeosynthesis : A Troll or simply a magnet to paranormal experiences?
Facts vs conspiracy
TRUMP vs. Alligators &amp; CIA Snakes - "You Talkin' To Me?" This video Pretty much sums it up!
[PREDICTION] These 3 countries will be invaded next
U.S. banking records show Hunter Biden’s American-based firm, Rosemont Seneca Partners LLC, received regular transfers into one of its accounts — usually more than $166,000 a month — when Vice President Biden was the main U.S. official dealing with Ukraine and its tense relations with Russia.
The Ukrainian Embassy in Washington says a Democratic National Committee (DNC) insider during the 2016 election solicited dirt on Donald Trump’s campaign chairman and even tried to enlist the country's president to help
/r/undelete shows that /r/politics removed this thread. [#43|+23847|2652] College students overwhelmingly rejected Joe Biden and widely embraced Bernie Sanders in a recent survey
Do large movies have witches on set during filming???
Wrong again. 50 years of failed eco-polcalyptic predictions.
End of the world and the signs
We have to focus more on history as a people not just truth seekers, everyone. Too often history seems to repeat itself but the reality is that humans rarely change and human nature keeps presenting itself but they want you to ignore it.
What is democracy? Have we all forgotten? (non-partisan)
Is “white genocide” a conspiracy theory? Taken from r/fragilewhiteredditor about
The Great Awakening, Part 1: "Breaking the Chains that Bind Humanity", or Saving the World in Three Easy Steps
Have you ever noticed how many "convenience services" are designed to 1)make you helpless and reliant on consumerism and 2) prevent you from having a single moment of catharsis throughout the day?
Communist China Currently Subverting Western Countries Through Eugenic Breeding
Save The Earth Or How To Stop Climate Change
New World Order in disguise
'This is what we do': Trump official Mike Pompeo suggest pressuring foreign leaders to investigate political rivals is normal
TIL that Poland has developed their own Holocaust gas chamber story.
Did the moon landing really happen? Is outer space as we've been told by people dedicating their whole lives to something they have never experienced first hand real?
A man starts seeing monsters all around him
Non-Reactionary Propulsion System we do not not have in our Military Inventory. Regularly sited by hundreds of Military Officers. Incidents being recorded by Sensors, Cameras, RADAR Tapes. Upon being noticed, these unknown crafts instantly go away. At least 70 years of US Military being aware.
Non-Reactionary Propulsion System we do have in our Military Inventory. 10/5/19 JRE #1361 Cmdr. David Fravor
Screenshot of video evidence linking multiple shooters to New Zealand shooting.
A question for the Trump supporters in this sub.
"Prince Andrew claims 2010 Jeffrey Epstein visit in NYC was to end friendship"
FBI Colluded with Ukrainian State against Trump
This second rumor blower is going to be Alexandra Chalupa. The contractor that the DNC paid to go to Ukraine to find dirt on Manafort and Trump in 2016
The new rumorblower is Alexandra Chalupa. The contractor that the DNC paid to go to Ukraine to find dirt on Manafort and Trump.
Who the hell is Jean-Luc Brunel? Known child trafficker since the 80's has no wiki page and no information anywhere on the internet about his biography. It he another MOSSAD agent? Get digging
Second whistleblower comes forward 'with first-hand knowledge' of corruption
The Project for a New American Civil War...
Protesters storm Iranian consulate in Basra province, southern Iraq
Warren caught in a strange lie.
Whats really going on
Impeachment, Brought to You by the CIA
Hillary's Appeal To The "Family Rights Community" - her multi-billion business in foster care system to "harvest" children for pedophile ring
Classic elitist propaganda style - use kids to further agenda, if someone criticizes , make it look as they are criticizing the kid, rather than the topic at hand, and divert attention from the issue.
Don't know how this isn't mainstream knowledge yet, but it is totally obvious that the climate change is a KGB long-term operation. Ask yourself: Cui Bono?
THE LONG GAME: Is there a potential conspiracy in the United States that has gone on for nearly one hundred years?
EXTREMELY strange experience in the Sierra Nevada mountains.
Read It
The media is turning the world into a huge society based on mob mentality and scare tactics here's a list of things they do
What if Game of Thrones Were Real and Arctic &amp; Antarctica Habit the Nightwalkers?
New Yorker Journo Who Peddled Discredited Kavanaugh Claims Calls Biden-Ukraine Scandal A "Conspiracy Theory"
Someone able to find old video of the astronout with a huge amount of water filling in his suit/helmet?
Bernie Sanders Speaks on Assange. Assange Update w/ Taylor Hudak.
Was Joshua Brown's murder telegraphed in the comments?
How can people not see that Hong Kong is literally just set up for revolutionary change and bona fide genocide?
Instagram is spying on us
Coffee isnt 100% coffee
Why Brexit is a front to protect the UK’s interest in tax havens.
People here should understand the Genetic Fallacy. Judging the veracity of information solely on your opinion of the source is an excuse, not a path to truth. It is a very popular tactic so learn to counter it.
Dershowitz associate Rudy "9/11" Giuliani literally fucked his cousin
I have seen this real id thing going on, I can't remember where but someone claimed it was to being about a national id, what if it goes deeper.
Creepy Porn Lawyer Michael Avenatti was once hailed as the Democrats hero and 2020 Presidential front runner. Now he is facing 20 years and suing Liberal heroine Stormy Daniels for $2 million.
Dems sit in silence as witness debunks their "assault" rifle lies
Just a year ago CNN was pushing Michael Avenatti for President. Stormy Daniels was hailed as a hero. Now Anenatti is facing 20 years and is suing Stormy Daniels for $2 million.
Consider if you will...
Why so blatant these days with their actions (Epstien, Dallas witness)
هل سيتغلب هاتف Surface Duo على عيوب هاتف سامسونج Galaxy Fold؟
Any idea what this is all about?
[META]In the Netflix Original Movie; In theShadow of the Moon, Netflix openly advocates the murder of those guilty of wrongthink.
In the Netflix Original Movie; *In theShadow of the Moon,* Netflix openly advocates the murder of those guilty of wrongthink.
What's The Purpose of Gun Ownership In US?
Would it be safe for me to go on a family trip in Eilat, Israel in November?
Hillary's Appeal To The "Family Rights Community" - her multi-billion business in foster care system to "harvest" children for pedophile ring
The Biggest Heist in History (And It's Just Getting Started)
Question: Are the crenulations on the front of the local power company building masonic?
Funded by Taxpayers’ Huge Fund, United States Secretly “Legalized” Sex Trafficking Foster Care System(pedo-harvesting) To Supply The Demand for Pedophile Ring
Hong Kong Dead End: 4 possibilities. What will be the most likely to happen?
Google Places Hold on Facial Recognition Expansion Due to Dubious Tactics
Daily update on BBC shilling for Saudi Arabia. This is on the front page but nothing about our neighbours protesting on the entire website.
And they talk about forgiveness
[META]AOC Accuses Trump Of Anti-Semitism Over Attacks On "Lyin' Shifty Schiff." Once again, we see that bogus accusations of antisemitism are used to attempt to silence exposure of Jewish subversion.
With 8 Chan still offline, has Q been posting?
UFO mystery sinister black smoke rings!
Google Places Hold on Facial Recognition Expansion Due to Dubious Tactics
Who is funding Greta Thunberg and why?
[meta] Perception of an ambiguous figure is affected by own-age social biases
“The War Against Obesity” What will happen in America...
Travis scott reveal illuminati? https://youtu.be/924fAhI_rU0
I've seen this symbol before... (Found in spike jonze's HER)
The media won’t talk about Dallas police corruption though 🤔
Grenada Treaty
Info on YouTube algo
Electric Weather Modification Companies in 2019
Climate activists pre-emptively arrested before Monday's protests
Looking for info on nukes used as excuses for war
Loves a good weather balloon sighting.
There are **at least** 13 countries with massive protests occuring right now.
John Dillinger died for your sins, but now his body is set to be exhumed on December 31st
University professor discovers fairy population and shows evidence🤐
Cool theory
Witness in Amber Guyger murder case found shot dead in Dallas
What is the deep state?
Joe Rogan and UFOs
Hillary's Child Trafficker, Laura Silsby Gayler, Is a Person-Of-Interest In the 2018 Hawaii Nuclear False Missile Alert
After decades of hoaxing, Israeli Jews admit Nazi gas chambers were fake! "It’s fake history,” says Prof. Havi Dreifuss a Tel Aviv University historian.
Theory on the new Joker movie
What we post
Suspicious amount of scathing “Joker” reviews from critics, with consistently positive audience reviews...
Is nuclear power real? Is radiation real? Or are they scare tactics?
Every thread discussing this gets locked with no explanation on the front page. A hit was called and the police are covering it up
Unintelligent Humanity
2 major posts on the front page regarding bitch amber guyger locked?
Yellow Vest Protests
Operation Midland: ex-Conservative MP walks out of BBC interview over paedophile ring claims.
Explosions at OldWorld Oktoberfest Huntington Beach CA
Botham Jean's former neighbor, witness in Amber Guyger trial, shot to death: Police
Butterfly effect | How small changes alter the future
Witness in Guyger Murder Trial Killed Friday Night: Dallas County DA
Why is everyone saying the revolution will start in New York? I’ve heard it a few times now, how do they know this?
And now the suck wants to give up 99% of shares probably not related but something big is going to happen real soon!
One Million Members
Missing Malaysia Flight 370
Internet Censorship and False Flag Fake wars coming to a city near you | Zero Hedge
Cmdr. David Fravor explains what really happens when you request a FOIA.
Missing Malaysia Flight 370
[META] Subscribing to the idea that there are not differences between the political ideologies is what the intellectually weak do to avoid the hard work it takes to discern the differences. This statement challenges the status quo on this sub. This sub is a battleground. Embrace it.
Attorney for Botham Jean’s Family: Neighbor Who Testified Against Amber Guyger Shot and Killed in Dallas
If trump was trying hard...could this be possible..?
Two identicle comments ._.
Reddit disables comments on popular threads to get people to spend money on gold
The truth about Gaddafi and Libya.Before the NATO bombings Libya had the highest standard of living in Africa, ahead of Russia, Brazil and Saudi Arabia.
Short video on the US military’s chemical/biological weapons lab in Utah. Been there since 1942
What is going on? Read these comments. Witness against cop killed.
Breaking: Nancy Pelosi's son and his partners involved with organization who wikileaks claims is a front organization. Pelosi &amp; partners running fake businesses. Lots of sources. Time to Dig!
Documents Leaked implicating Hillary Clinton Biden &amp; Soros
Kanye West @ SLC Sunday Service: Social media is designed to make you think slower. ... They want to slow you down and control you
The real conspiracy is that after people lost faith in God, they put it in the talking heads. After they lost faith with them, they put it into opiates/pills. After that, there was no more faith to go around.
Traditional media’s unbelievable ability to create trending videos.
Heavy metals as the missing link to our health.
Corey Feldman was forced to make Angelic 2 the Core as punishment for trying to expose Hollywood pedophilia
The new facemask
The story is not over folks... This picture, taken at trial, is now one of the last known images of this courageous man. BOTHAM JEAN'S neighbor JOSHUA BROWN was gunned down in his own apartment last night on October 4th, 2019. Source and information below.
Does anyone remember the Gaddafi Youtube or Liveleak video with techno music playing in the background? It explained how he was a good leader and helped the country and citizens out. He gave married couples money to buy a house, free college and medical.
This is why white liberals are afraid of Trump. They are terrified black Americans will leave the Democrat plantation. The cultural war is real.
The “media” is a group of people who decide what is most important for you to hear
Tell me more about this. WHY in the hell has the revolutionaries and their NATO masters not ordered a final execution against the chief executive of Hong Kong and other pro cccp executives in the soil to one shot collapse the entire HK economy and blast it right into the stone age?
Political Spectrum: What you're told vs. Reality
Former Navy Pilot Details Tic Tac UFO Encounter | Joe Rogan
Let me introduce you to the Smith-Mundt Act which was repelled. This act allows propaganda (Meaning fake news, lies) to be told on National Airways LEGALLY without consequence. What does this mean? It means most if not all which is reported on TV/News sites is a purposeful lie. To fool thee.
Rudy "9/11" Giuliani doesn't want you looking into Epstein's "suicide"
Joshua Brown, Key Witness in Botham Jean Case Who Testified Against Amber Guyger, Is Gunned Down in Dallas
Anyone here from New York want to provide me with a bed while I kick off the revolution?
hmmmm
Why is the President's personal lawyer hanging out with Epsten's personal lawyer (and child rapist)
Modern Civil War?
Botham Jean's neighbor who testified in Amber Guyger trial fatally shot in Dallas
Notice how the Yellow Vest protests has been going on for 46 weeks straight?
The Construed Coup – Anti-American pro Globalists stage Coup d’état in USA
Vapegate: Juul Conspiracy Theories
How China Is Using Artificial-Intelligence In Classrooms
Conspiracy about humans being warned not to go back to the moon.
Lights Filmed off the Coast of North Carolina
Corrupt government
😯 Key witness in ex-cop Amber Guyger trial murdered
Your thoughts on Scientology?
Are we kept back from finding a purpose?
Joshua Brown, the next door neighbor of Botham Jean was killed last night after being shot several times by an unknown assailant.
Stop being human to save the planet. Why is the amount of animals causing climate change increasing? The answer is human population explosion. Not eating meat will not really help that much if the population keeps rapidly expanding. 200 years ago there were not even 1 bil ppl on earth.
Key witness against amber Guyger has been killed.
In case no one has noticed, if you use torrents they all have Chinese subtitles
AG: Queensbury man advocating for violence against NY elected officials gets guns taken away
Well, isn’t that convenient?
Mitch won’t schedule it
The ruling elite don't want you to remember how powerful you really are, how powerful your thoughts are, or how much you can help create peace on Earth.
Curious no?
Lee Stranahan on the Clinton operatives behind both Russiagate and Ukrainegate
No results after searching Bobby Fisher. What?
White Claws
By day, swamp monster Rudy "9/11" Giuliani pretends to fight for the American people against the elites. At night, he sits in a $3,000 seat paid for by who? How did this "public servant" afford that?
H Clinton 2016 poorly greenscreened campaign 'rally' that ABC/Google allowed to be edited down and special composited new footage on smartphone screens. Still mistakes though as you will easily see if you look closely.
Key witness in Botham Jean trial murdered.
Moon Hoax
MOON HOAX
89 of our senators and Congress hold dual citizenship with Israel. Why?
H.K.s Google search today
America's criminal justice system is a cruel joke
America's political justice system is a cruel joke
Key witness in Amber Guyger trial murdered
1989 WWF video about "demolishing the Twin Towers" (listen to the specific language used)
What did he done this time?
Collated Hidden-Hand interview (Illuminati Insider) is now being almost completely censored by Google and website 404's when attempting to be accessed from a US IP address. (fine w/ VPN)
How can anyone claim Israel has intentions of making peace with Palestine? Watch a clear admission from Lubavitch Rebbe to Israeli Prime Minister stating there is to be no conceding land to Arabs. This is scary - these people have deep connections in the White House.
Hillary: I lost in 2016 because sexist America didn’t appreciate my seriousness. And Russia. And voter suppression. And …
Official Thread: Commander David Fravor on Joe Rogan
Algorithms are maximizing profits for online retailers by colluding to set prices above where they would otherwise be in a competitive market.
NBC News asks: We may be closing in on the discovery of alien life. Are we prepared?
TrueManShow
Clint Eastwood's new movie about the 1996 Atlanta bombing is right up this sub's alley.
Mark Zuckerberg on billionaires: 'No one deserves to have that much money'
Aliens May Have Bugged Co-Orbital Space Rocks To Spy On Earth
President Trump calls for Senator Mitt Romney to be impeached, not knowing that Senators can't be impeached.
NASA's InSight 'Hears' Peculiar Sounds on Mars
Bayer linked to the holocaust
Mark Zuckerberg on billionaires: 'No one deserves to have that much money'
TOP 10 CONSTRUCTION TECHNOLOGY IN 2019 AND TRAINS VIDEO
The Marines Just Got Permission to Deploy in the United States in light of serious threat of a military coup by the UN...here's what I have gathered.
First picture of a woman who stabbed a dog to death and poisoned its sausages.
Things like this keep popping up. I think disclosure is imminent.
China, India and Africa account for 90% of the world's pollution. Why is Greta "Jesus Christ" Thumberg in Iowa?
Joe Rogan doesnt believe we are alone in this universe
The Marines Just Got Permission to Deploy inthe United States...here's what I have gathered.
“Orgone Energy” (orgonite) used to counter Aerosol Spraying—Geoengineering
[META] 'Hundreds' of young trans people seeking help to return to original sex. The price of useful idiocy....
Apology
This picture, taken at trial, is now one of the last known images of this courageous man. BOTHAM JEAN'S neighbor JOSHUA BROWN was gunned down in his own apartment last night on October 4th, 2019. Source and information below.
After doing a Copy and Paste within a Text document, weird text got pasted...
What’s the trumpet sound i heard?
Parents Catch FBI In Plot To Force Mentally Ill Son To Be A Right Wing Terrorist
Joshua Brown, the next door neighbor of Botham Jean, was killed last night after being shot several times by an unknown assailant.
The seven trumpets
Satanic ppl don’t just rule the world but they actively attack and manipulate us with energy weapons and lasers. You think the same ppl who rape kids, cause wars, and cause misery don’t have a side gig against the rest of us?
Missing 2 videos from my collection...
Plato's Cave - Clip from Hoaxed
Plato's Cave - a Clipfrom Hoaxed.
big company burns people alive, getting away with it
Plato's Cave - Clip from Hoaxed.
In 2002 Gary McKinnon carried out "the biggest military computer hack of all time", he hacked into the computers of building 8 at NASA. He found files called "Raw/Unprocessed", these contained pictures of cigar shaped U.F.O's surrounding the Earth. After being disconnected, police took his files.
Looking for a researcher to team up with...anybody need a partner?
Do you think Deepfakes have been used already?
All roads lead to Ro.......Rogue CIA... The CIA is just playing it's usual regime change trick on the US.
Did CNN buy fake subscribers for their Youtube Channel?
Meat-head American Dumbasses In High Places Remove Astonishing Video of Serial Killer, Israel Keyes, From Internet In Order to Hide Their Own EMBARRASSING Incompetences!!!!!!
How much of this is true? or is it all just gibberish? (Alex Jones)
Glenn Beck publishes recording of Artem Sytnyk, Ukraine's Director of the National Anti-corruption Bureau of Ukraine, proving that Ukraine interfered in US elections - for Hillary.
We need to do a better job at detecting and helping the violent mentally I'll people in America.
So is it hot or cold?
Don’t forget Epstein was under DOJ custody.
The Truth Behind 6ix9ine
ACT Scores do not predict college performance, so why are they used?
Does anyone know who this is? Shes been missing for almost 2 years. Her name is emily rodgers. She goes by foxx and lives a transient lifestyle. Has anyone seen her?
Roddy Pipper to the rescue.
What if Iran created its nuclear weapon arsenal by stealing uranium from the US, just like Israel did?
The tooth paste conspiracy (Colgate and Pepsodent)
Challenger Explosion Rabbit Hole
CIA Gave millions of dollars to Tibetan Exiles (including Dalai Lama) and training for Tibetan guerillas in '60s -- declassified intelligence files
Shields: Trump ‘Bid China’ to Come Up with ‘Criminal Information’ on Joe Biden
Joker movie and The “shooting” alerts
Meat-head American Dumbasses In High Places Remove Astonishing Video of Serial Killer, Israel Keyes, From Internet In Order to Hide Their Own EMBARRASSING Incompetences!!!!!!
Everything that makes it to the top of this sub is part of the narrative. Paid for
Biden isn’t even the nominee. Why are Democrats acting like he is?
The anti govt movement is really an anti regulation movement in disguise. And its funded by big corporations
Debunking the asinine "Bill Hicks is Alex Jones" theory
They watch, they listen, they pre-empt.
An interesting trend in front-page stories.
Both parties are corrupt, elite are trying to create voter apathy for corporatist Biden to prevent progressive politicians from rising, Trump willingly turning himself into a villain, creating a strong urge for change, but without the change
Let’s make a quick checklist
Operation Mockingbird
Put aside your team allegience and watch Glenn Becks Ukraine Chalkboard
Microsoft Identifies Early Threats Towards the 2020 Presidential Election
To my provax friends on reddit...
The Problem with 'Anthropogenic Global Warming'
Iraqi protesters claim Iranian forces firing on demonstrations - What in the world is Iran doing killing Iraqi's?
Is Tump president to make politicians the good guys again?
Why the ADL was founded
How we found out the Deep State lives on Gibson Island - JFK Planners, Coup Plotters, Money Launderers, MK Ultra and 9/11
The Worst Fashion Ever Since Epstein... Where are you Epstein's "ELITE" Scientists, Computer Scientist Pedophiles Child Fetish Buddies from MIT and Harvard
According to Canon Law, the Pope can overthrow non-Catholic countries and reduce them to slavery
Mind Computer Update
Libertarians dont fight for "freedom". They use that as a marketing slogan. They fight for corporations
According to Cannon Law, the Pope can overthrow non-Catholic countries and reduce them to slavery
CNN's new ‘Courageous’ Advertorial Mill. which they design ads for advertisers and then package it as 'news'.
The Chilean meterorites, or falling space debris
What if the HK protests are just drill runs to a total collapse scenario on the US?
If there were no Giants, who were the Ollantaytambo Stairs built for?
r/cars is deleting negative Tesla posts
Higher Powers exist, Atheism is right in a different way about God. We were conspired against!
Noah and His Wonderful Ark by Manly P. Hall
Maybe the world did end in 2012...
The Debased Mind
Am I the only one who thinks that Greta Thunber is only a puppet of her country government?
Cryptoguide facebook likes
Romania is generally terrifying at night.
Looking for any writings and input on the accelerating subtlety or nuance of culture...
A step in the right direction: Trump Administration Asks for Comments on Child Sex Trafficking in Foster Care System
24% of Your Cable TV Bill Is Just Bogus Fees, Study Says - Consumer Reports estimates cable industry makes $28 billion a year in misleading surcharges alone
One day, you’re gonna wake up, and everyone in the whole world is gonna be psychic. They’ll say it’s some bullshit, some cosmic wave the sun is passing through. No more lies, no more secrets. It’ll be fair, but it won’t be without suffering.
Secret Empires: Hunter Biden's China Deal Included Mobster Whitey Bulger's Nephew
I myself have felt the waves
Nothing significant to this sub
Change.org pretty much all the top petitions are to expel Ilhan Omar and stop BDS bills
About The Dark Knight movie..
Hunter Biden's China Deal Included Mobster Whitey Bulger's Nephew
UFO spotted at an NFL game in 1979 appears similar to the recently released US Navy footage. Hoax or real?
How long before another 9/11 event.
Troy bolton = ted bundy
It's as if all these media outlets agreed on smearing Bernie Sanders.
I'm the Executive Producer of the Epstein: Devil in the Darkness podcast, and have investigated Jeffrey Epstein for years. AMA!
Ukraine
What conspiracy were you involved with?
Did The Elite Build The Super Bowl Stadium In Atlanta For Part Of Their Satanic Global Ritual? Order From Chaos: I Pet Goat II, Super Bowl 53, False Flags and Illuminati Elite Rituals
This is getting old. The Chief pays himself over $500 000/@
More on Prince Andrew: He visited Disneyland and wore a blue staff jacket.
I'm fed up with Greta worshipping and people asking us peasants to be like her.
Can someone tells me whether this fake or not? A guy who filmed a haunted house on YouTub.
The Affirmation of the Lincoln Precedent in the 1963 Coup (2015 essay)
Ukraine Gave More Money To Clinton Foundation That Any Nation On Earth
r/conspiracy not showing up on Google search
Nazi Rescuers: In 1947 The British Government Repatriated 7,100 Ukrainian Waffen SS Who Killed Over 100,000 Poles And Jews At Galicia
The CIA's Secret Heart Attack Gun — This is just something to keep in mind while taking in Corporate Media's coverage of Bernie's recent health problems.
ITS HERE! the third and final episode of our Renne-le-Chateau series. We discuss all the other options and our own thoughts. It’s a bumper episode so enjoy!
Lindsey Graham: Trump’s Sexually-Blackmailed Israeli Handler?
How soon before the new engineered plague//forced vaccines&gt;&gt;microchips come you guys thinking?
Shoutout to OP. Thoughts?
That's why we are eating GMO bread for 12000 years - VERSADOCO
Genius music parody of Blur's 'Parklife.'
Was The JFK Assassination Fake News?
Big Pharma bought access to your DNA from genealogy company 23andMe
Gang Stalking - What's the big deal?!?
I am the messiah, AMA
Searching for video of Parkland shooting on bitchute
Idea of an apocalypse
I'm the Executive Producer of the Epstein: Devil in the Darkness podcast, and have investigated Jeffrey Epstein for years. AMA!
No one wants to swallow this
My friend was researching conspiracies on his phone (private browser on safari). He looked into the MK Ultra, Sandy Hook Shooting, and Las Vegas Shooting conspiracy theories. A couple hours later, he received this image from a random number with his area code. Any ideas who, why, or what it means?
Hackers apparently linked to Iran tried to intrude in Trump presidential campaign 2020
Aliens
Measles-Mumps-Rubella-Varicella (MMRV) Vaccine from GSK contains full humane genome content
Antartica
This graph is from the book 'Vanished Ocean' by reknowned geologist and oceanographer Derrick Stow. Temperature variations are natural, and world is much colder than it was before. Greenhouse is the natural state of the planet. So many scientific arguments debunk fake climate alarmism.
Am I an idiot for thinking that climate change will eventually be used to fully implement the New World Order?
Ukraine: the Democrats Russia
When the world doesn't end from climate change in 10 years, are you going to tell me it will happen in another 10 years?
The truth about guns.
Did Bernie Sanders get hit with the infamous Heart Attack gun (covert CIA tech from the 70s) by his rivals??? If so, which candidate called the hit?
Why the Bill Hicks is Alex Jones theory needs to be taken seriously
[META] Subreddit is being blasted by right wing Canadian propaganda by Bots. Proof in Thread.
This thread connects the Vatican to the Mellons to the Wexners (Epstein). Mellons connect to Heinz family.
Fake News 101 - Five butchered bulls spark fears of cult activity in small U.S. town - National
lard, tallow, butter, cream, all staples of the American diet, was killed by propaganda...
It took me a few tries. but what is up with these rings? This is my best screenshot from the news tonight
China and World will prosper
Looking for a chart on depopulation that was posted here a few months ago.
Weasel Nation – It’s Election Time Canada, What Do You Want for Your Future? Antifa, bogus Anti-hate law-fare activists, ungrateful “refugees”, the four cowardly MSM-approved parties, the MSM liars and cover-uppers, are all toasting Canada. The only party that can save the nation is the PPC.
supporting the USA is supporting terrorism
CIA "heart attack gun"?! - Bernie Sanders had a heart attack, campaign says as senator leaves hospital
A random rainbow without rain or rain clouds..
Dr. Azeem Ibrahim (MI6) and The Scotland Institute...
Anyone ever notice how you listen to a song then go to add it to your playlist on Spotify or another music app, it automatically brings up the song once you start typing the first few letters? Weird
Bots and Paid Trolls Have Ruined Online Discourse
2 Boys Were Raped &amp; Before It Was Publicized The Boys' Parents Were Murdered. So Justin Trudeau What Happened To Those Parents &amp; These 2 Little Boys At The School You Were Teaching At ?!
Gibson Island, MD, with at most 600 people, has a lot of people connected to false flags, assassinations, coup d'etats, eugenics &amp; MK Ultra. Godfrey Rockefeller worked at Bell Helicopter in '63; Harold Arrowsmith was corresponding with Nazis in '62; Bob Woodward, the Muellers, all summer there.
Treason! Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan Attends Gala Honouring Chinese Communist Party Anniversary! Worshipping Murderous Criminal Filth!
Andrew Scheer Told CBC That He Agrees With Justin Trudeau &amp; Somali Terrorist Ahmed Hussen That Canada Should Increase Its Immigration Levels, Already The Highest In Western World- Only 6% Of Canadians Are That Stupid ! Vote PPC !
Trending Conspiracys
Games, Schools, and Worlds Designed for Violence
So, Trump was elected four years ago, and look at what it all turned to:
NYT: Free Speech Is Killing Us.
Since people have been talking about eating babies recently.... I found a couple news articles.
PDF of Rare Book--- Genocide In Satellite Croatia, 1941-1945 : A Record Of Racial And Religious Persecutions And Massacres, The American Institute for Balkan Affairs (1961), by Edmond Paris
PDF of Rare Book---Genocide In Satellite Croatia, 1941 1945 : A Record Of Racial And Religious Persecutions And Massacres, by Edmond Paris, The American Institute for Balkan Affairs (1961)
psychedelics for mind control?
Let's get him here for a discussion. Mods?
CNN promoting Big Tobacco’s new vaping device after slamming vaping.
who are the people flashing in the pictures??ignore the song. i think the artist is trying to say something. maybe. my intuition says so.
What has happened to this sub? How can a comment like this get downvoted to a negative score in a f'ing *conspircay* subreddit! I'm lost for words...
Is a military take over or a coordinated militia rebellion happening right now across America? People are reporting hearing gun shots and bombs in New York, Chicago, Dallas, and Los Angeles.
why has Russia been so bent over occupying Ukraine
Remember That Navy "UFO/UAP"? Take a look into this Navy Patent that holds all 3 components for a craft to move like that. Its not alien , its US?
The whole Biden corruption case is very much tied to the 2016 Russian election interference scandal
Scanned Pokémon card and got this website. Wtf is it 😬
Upvote button Red or Orange? Confirmed
Boris Johnson is the perfect prime minister. And trum is the perfect president.
Why hasn't the U.S.invaded Israel invaded Israel yet?
Bernie Sanders didn't have heart problems. He was kidnapped by Hillary Clinton and had his face grafted on to her exo-skeleton.
TRUMP has a TIME MACHINE - August 17th, 2016
TRUMP has a TIME MACHINE - August 17th, 2016 (4chan), interesting read to say the least
BOOM: Nancy Pelosi's son Paul Pelosi Jr. (who went to Ukraine in 2017) was a board member of Viscoil and executive at its related company NRGLab, which DID ENERGY Business in UKRAINE! And Nancy Pelosi appeared in a promotional video for the company!
Bernie Sanders has been released from the hospital.
HK plainclothes police set of fire and surrounded by mob
A widely used and increasingly controversial insecticide called neonicotinoid has "negligible" benefits for farmers and commercially grown soybeans, suggests a new study. Scientists have discovered that it may be killing honey bees, monarch butterflies, certain birds and aquatic life.
If you don't know about the history of central banking, then you don't really know who controls the world. Here is a documentary on the entire history of central banking, money and how we got to this point.
No Protection for Child Rape Victims in Texas
The IraqI protest has turned into Iraqies vs Iran, video shows Iraqi army and police being under fire tear gas and live bullets by Iranian troops working as riot police
NYT Admits,Video Proves Schiff Lied! Attempted Coup Implodes!
#7, #72, #83 John Podesta Is Trudeau Campaign Aid = Collusion! + Tons More Documented Filth!
Donald Trump and North Korea
The joker propaganda
Why don't we visit the moon anymore?
Del Bigtree: The Truth about little Ezekiel.
Iranian exploding round penetrates Iraqi protester skull. What's going on in Iraq?
[META] President Trump's personal attorney Rudy Giuliani is one of the deep state's 9/11 Hatchetmen who was an integral part in selling the trauma based mind control to the public. How do Trump supporters here reconcile this glaring reality?
Hackers apparently linked to Iran tried to intrude in Trump presidential campaign 2020
They shot Bernie Sanders with a heart attack gun and he fucking survived and people think he's still too weak?
Hillary Clinton’s appearance on “The View”...full of occult hand symbols and alluding to the fact that Earth’s problems are caused by sinister aliens
Is there anything I can do if my only fate is to die?
The Vatican
Hollywoods Favorite Witch
me and my friends were thinking what if our reality ws a vido game
I just want to express again how elated I am that Clinton wasn't selected in 2016
Sackler Family Received $13 Billion In Profits From Firm That Kick-Started Opioid Crisis. I wonder why the Sacklers have been able to avoid criminal prosecution.
What happened to u/formalcanditate aka Lauren
Chris Morris on satire in the Trump era and his new film 'The Day Shall Come'
The whistleblower is a registered Democrat &amp; CIA analyst who was detailed before the 2016 election to the Obama White House,where he worked on the NSC's Ukraine desk &amp; met w anti-Trump Ukrainian officials before being sent packing by the Trump NSC &amp; becoming disgruntled
Reminder: Ukrainian Embassy confirms DNC contractor solicited Trump dirt in 2016
Nancy Pelosi's son Paul Pelosi Jr. was a board member of 'Viscoil' and executive at its related company NRGLab which did energy business in Ukraine. Nancy Pelosi also appeared in a promotional video of the company.
Are we repeating the 80s?
Ted Bundy was framed by Nixon administration for DRAFT evasion. It just took them 10 years to plant enough evidence for a conviction.
Conspiracies about the Jews are largely conspiracies about the Canaanites who use the Jews as the scapegoat for their actions.
The Ariel School Alien Encounter
Possible Agenda 21 connection-Local agencies letting trails become overgrown
Whistleblower colluded with Adam Shiff.
Is there a group killing off bees/insects on purpose so they can patent/monetise an artificial pollination process in the future, which would presumably be worth billions?
'Climate Change Trans Counseling' by Will Franken
The Climate change hoax: woman confronts AOC about climate change referencing population explosion, which the UN expects to reach 11 bil by 2100, &amp; AOC gives a non-answer b/c she doesn’t really believe the shit she is selling.
The time when thousands of Israelis took to the streets and demanded the Genocide of the Palestinians.
What's up with this guys profile?
We should treat all Chinese Communist Party supporters the same way we treat Nazi party supporters
Everlasting life
Dry-herb vaporizer touted by CNN as "A new, non-vaping, non-smoking way to get nicotine has come to America." Produced by Philip Morris and regulated (aka sponsored) by the FDA.
Rampaging Hong Kong protesters bring city to standstill after anti-mask law announced
College police departments and administrations will manipulate crime data to make themselves look better. Going so far as to use propaganda when the university looks bad.
Patriots!!
This is Big Pharma: Genetic sequencing of common vaccine finds entire male human genome from aborted human baby… “a complete individual genome” with abnormal, modified genes with 560 genes linked to cancer.
Inside the hell of jihadist-held Syria: A report from Damascus with Max Blumenthal and Anya Parampil
A Pro-Trump Conspiracy Group Planted A Fake Climate Activist Who Suggested “Eating Babies” At An AOC Town Hall Meeting
Connection with Trump asking china to investigate Biden with prior Q post.
That time Elizabeth Warren exposed Larry Summers (the guy who convince Obama and congress that the banks were "Too big to fail") and rejected his offer to become an "Insider" puppet.
Climate change deniers are using FaceApp to make Greta Thunberg look 16 in order to discredit her. Here’s what she really looks like!
Katy Perry Sold Her Soul
Not sure what to do with this info but I found an account that was completely inactive for 8.5 years then suddenly started posting pro China and anti HK protests posts
This Kenyan traitor chimp is the biggest disgrace in US history
'We’re looking at near raw bribery': Trump hotel taking bookings from foreign officials who never stay in rooms, investigation told
The left has Greta and the right has Eat The Babies lady. Both are great acting jobs and have done well pushing their sub propaganda.
There are hidden "ERUV" wires stretched (in plain sight) around the perimeters of over 200 US cities — and only a chosen few know what they are for.
Altria launches Iqos tobacco device in US, and timing couldn't be better
Here's a list of candidates that are running against Trump that have recently called for Trump to be investigated or impeached. Posting this to expose their double standards. [Sources Included]
The talk about using foreign governments to investigate politicians is a two way street. Democrats and Republicans got mi6 to help investigate trump in the Steele dossier. 5 eyes had also been used by politicians to dig up dirt against political rivals. It's the norm, not an exception.
A new, non-vaping, non-smoking way to get nicotine has come to America
Israel's value to China and Russia. They sell US secret intelligence and stolen technology. New Expose.
Bill Kristol calls for regime change in China
How worried are you about Russia?
Ukraine Plane Crash
A scary thought
Any movies or pop media mediums 'predict' or 'warn' about the 2017 Las Vegas Shooting? A.k.a. predictive programming.
Philosophy of Z, what do you think?
The chinese government appears to have been executing ethnic and religious minorities and afterwards trafficking with their organs
If Michael Jackson isn't a Pedo then neither is Jeffrey Epstein.
Big Pharma is on the verge of mass producing psilocybin like it does insulin.
Just wanted to share what's happening in my country, Iraq. A revolution against the corruption, where the police are firing live bullets on the protestors, they also shut the internet off, but they can't block the message.
Need a quick rundown on Q-anon
The Right Hand wants to "investigate Biden-Ukraine corruption". The Left Hand just cut the global anti-corruption investigation budget by almost half.
What if the reason that Charles Manson killed Sharon Tate because she was going to give birth to the hero that was going to stop Helter Skelter?
Ukraine: The Democrats’ Russia
My work is receiving phone calls of random recorded noises.
My phone 100% listens to me. I didn't believe it until......
Scientists implant "memories" into bird brains to teach them songs they've never heard, using optogenetics, a technique where flashes of light are used to stimulate certain neurons in the brain, in effect, creating auditory memories that would normally be coming from outside.
Ninel Kulagina was a Russian housewife with telekinetic abilities that was studied by the Soviet Union for over 20 years during the Cold War. Real life Stranger Things
Is the current cultural shift a PSYOP?
Now who is the monster...
What are some conspiracies that are just a little too wacky for even you?
What is going on with Google?
GOP Sen. Ron Johnson tells WSJ that the U.S. ambassador to the EU told him in August that the status of aid to Ukraine was tied to Trump’s interest in having Kiev investigate certain matters. Johnson confronted Trump, who denied it.
Am I Being Censored? Have You Been Censored?
When frequency cures. The story of Royal Rife. Everything has a frequency, including viruses... repost of a write up I did 9 months ago
"Eat the babies" protestor a pro-Trump PAC plant. Fuck the politics – it's all fake!
hmm
Veiled Hong Kong Protester Beats Man for Saying "We are all Chinese"
Trump Hand Signs? Anyone else notice this?
For the sheep who believe anything the news tells them, remember this actually happened.
AEG Executive Tim Wooley paid Michael Jackson's killer Conrad Murray $150,000 a month to sedate Michael leading to his death, AEG nor Michael signed the contract to agree to this only Murray. Michael was insured for 1 billion dollars for his last tour. Many people were paid big off his death.
Does anyone have a copy of the Hilary Clinton emails?
The Obama admin set up a $20million propaganda agency before he left office under house bill 5181. Time stamped video to start at the goods.
The real Russiagate....
Two easy ways to gauge people on reddit for the sincerity and quality of what they are saying. Also how to tell the good guys from the bad guys.
Whistleblowers are dictating information released to the public that is considered real news. What is going to happen to them moving forward, Trump is even commenting on them and words such as treason have been thrown around.
Mozambique
PDF Veselnitskaya Emails - Email Leak Exposes Trump Tower Illegal Lobbying Operations by Russia
What is it that drives you to visit this sub each day? (genuine question)
Anyone to confirm that this is not fake?
Has anybody been mysteriously subscribed to Michael Davila Jr on YouTube?
Has anyone been mysteriously subscribed to Michael Davila Jr?
Reading the AMA with the reporter who's been investigating Epstein for years, and I had a thought. Do people still live on Epstein's "private island"?
The fact that I know there is a new Joker movie [which i could care less] that its out now is cause all u guys talk about it and went to watch and discuss it. Whats that mean?
Cycles of Revolution
[Meta] The users complaining about this sub "getting worse by the hour" because it's just "it’s just political garbage" are trolls and/or shills.
Hey this AMA would definitely interest you all so please ask relevant questions
Does anyone have complete coverage of the ISRO scientist/s that have been murdered recently?
Please do ask relevant questions
True Anti-Corruption Measures Have Just Become the USA’s Biggest National Security Priority
Russian witness testifying in recent corruption trial accidentally falls out of window to his death--total accident. Carry on
EAT BABIES TO SAVE THE WORLD! Man made climate change is a HOAX for the ages. There is claim this was a stunt.I think it is the "left's" insanity full evolved and climate change dellusion reaching a boil. The left eats it's own. I wonder what Greta Thunberg thinks about this.
The American Civil War II - The Jokes Of Conflict... (Special Edition)
Artificial life simulation: artificial petridish
[Meta] Join our subreddit /r/ConspiracyPrivate
Why do you think there's so much blatant esoteric content out there in every movie, music video, etc if in general 'occult' means something hidden from the masses?
I believe Ghostemane has something to do with 11B X 1371.
I think Ghostemane has something to do with 11B X 1371
Republicans’ ‘No Quid Pro Quo’ Defense of Trump Collapses
According to this totally sensible woman at an AOC town hall, we need to eat babies to save the world from the climate
MSNBC
Complementary to the front page post about ending shooter drills at school... Eric Holder speech "we need brainwash children" into hating guns.
I'm the Executive Producer of the Epstein: Devil in the Darkness Podcast and have investigated him since 2014. AMA!
People who look back at Nazi Germany and don't understand how did other countries let it happen, well just look at China now, it's happening again.
I'm the Executive Producer of the Epstein: Devil in the Darkness podcast, and have investigated Jeffrey Epstein for years. AMA!
[Part 3] The pedophile network appears to be international, as they had to shut down their activities in cities like Copenhagen, Denmark (Parts 1 and 2 in the comments)
Almost 24 hour news coverage talking about Trump and his inevitable impeachment. Why has not a single person been able to name a law he has broken? Why has the impeachment inquiry not been put to a vote on the house floor?
Political Operatives Are Faking Voter Outrage With Millions Of Made-Up Comments To Benefit The Rich And Powerful - A fierce battle over the regulation of the internet was riddled with millions of fake comments in the most prolific known instance of political impersonation in US history
An American Was Arrested Every 48 Seconds for Cannabis Crimes in 2018. Cops arrested more people in 2018 for carrying a bag of weed than they did for aggravated assault, arson, fraud, sex offenses, burglary, or disorderly conduct.
[Part 2] Pedophile network in Sweden shuts down their section in the city of Malmö because too many of their clients were being prosecuted by the law (Part 1 in the comments)
What’s up with the rosacruces? The society?
Newly released "astonishing" emails further confirm the corruption behind Rosenstein’s appointment of Robert Mueller: The emails also show a shockingly cozy relationship between Rosenstein and anti-Trump media reporters.
"Another part of the lobbying effort included an attempt to recruit Sen. Jeff Sessions... Sessions had become the first senior Republican to formally endorse Donald Trump... He would go on to be named U.S. attorney general once Trump was elected." Russia has compromised the DOJ and the GOP
IRS: Sorry, but It’s Just Easier and Cheaper to Audit the Poor
Republicans warn Trump to back off economy wrecking tariffs ...
"I Am With Mueller": Newly Released Rosenstein Emails Reveal Crusade to Investigate Trump
Aliens are blue pill
Pedophile network in Sweden shuts down their section in the city of Malmö because too many of their clients were being prosecuted by the law
Wealth Identity Politics: Billionaires Acting Like a Persecuted Minority — Believing that it makes sense to have an elite class which controls this much wealth and power is as stupid as believing in an absolute monarchy
My theory on epstein
Ambassador Volker's Text Messages with Giuliani + US Diplomats : It's "Crazy to withhold security assistance" for political purposes [PDF]
I'm old and I've seen much AMA
Epstein's 2nd orgy island: Clinton, Prince Andrew, Trump, Ghislaine Maxwell, Jean Luc Burnel, Les Wexner, Alan Dershowtiz, Woody Allen It is Party Time!
Volker texts show attempts to build a paper trail against Trump
Donald Trump on Edward Snowden: Kill the ‘traitor’. “I think Snowden is a terrible threat" [2013]
Morality is not a matter of opinion.
The nature of reality is holographic, all information is everywhere. Here's how.
Facebook Must Respect EU Nation's Own Defamation Laws, Will Online Freedom Suffer?
hilarious parody on conspiracy videos.. worth a watch
Global climate change crisis: Best thing to ever happen to Israeli hasbara | Opinion
US Military Superiority Collapsed 25 Years Ago When Emissions Were 50% Lower - Trillions Wasted, Trillions More Needed
Masonic symbolism hiding in Extinction Rebellion's logo
I find it hard, to believe a President of the US would constantly have so many misspellings and errors in their tweets. Are there any theories that something else is going on?
[META]A case study in what happens to useful idiots once they've outlived their utility. In very liberal Howard County, MD, leftists are accusing their fellow leftists of "racism" for opposing a globalist scam designed to dumb down their public schools.
A case study in what happens to useful idiots once they've outlived their utility. In very liberal Howard County, MD, leftists are accusing their fellow leftists of "racism" for opposing a globalist scam designed to dumb down their public schools.
Speaking of Conspiracy, has anyone seen the stuff they post on r/sino?
X marks the spot, time to get sprayed. What’s a beautiful morning without some chem trails?
Because of EU, UK woman gets jail time for Holocaust Denial song....another good reason to support Brexit.
/r/conspiracy, Are NASA to be trusted?
Civil Disobedience in Hong Kong or US Color Revolution Attempt?
Who's behind Hong Kong protests?
Think this is what Paddock was after (Las Vegas shooting)
Potential "whistleblower" false-flag martyr
Baby Massage course sounded strange but the picture they used made it creepy
"Every quote attributed via the Internet is 100% accurate." ~Mark Twain
Just saw joker
What did he done this time?
r/holocaust was banned a few days ago
For Jeffrey Epstein, one island hideaway wasn’t enough. How he stealthily acquired a second
Evidence of Atlantis? 7 Ancient Civilizations &amp; Underwater Pyramids Found in Oceans of the World
In the Mouth of Madness: Who Writes Reality?
Mars guilty of Flooding Earth...
Reddit is conditioning peple to commit crimes
Haitian Americans to Pelosi: Stop U.S. meddling. It’s time for Haiti president to go.
Can please someone tell me how this contraption landed on the Moon? Looks more like the tree house kids built in their backyards, it would hold not even rain out
r/worldnews is intentionally pushing anti-Trump news articles.
Polls Show People Aren't Buying Establishment B.S. [Corbett Report video]
Does anyone actually believe what I said will become reality?
PMC Bank Scam: ED registers money laundering case, raids 6 locations in Mumbai | HW English
13 families you are enslaved to
RFSL Group Sweden (using pornography to brainwash children) Weimar Republic is officially open for business
I'm afraid the 2020 election will be rigged
The Vatican, Jeffrey Epstein, Heinz, etc.. and the incestuous beat goes on. Always has.
Google using dubious tactics to target people with ‘darker skin’ in facial recognition project: sources
The government's narrative on the Ukraine debacle has just imploded. Here is the proof that security assistance was used as bargaining chip to get campaign help for Trump.
Epstein footage ?
omg omg omg GUYS KANYE WEST CONFIRMED DEMON KING OF HELL FIRE AND ALL THAT IS UNHOLY
Question on increased police control in italy
Lots more pieces of the puzzle for the dismantling of the sovereignty of The United States of American, our rights as individual citizens, and a glimpse into how long these Communist/ Marxist ideologues have been perpetrating their twisted crimes against us...
How does evolution create a giraffe and where are all the steps in between?
Soon Hong Kong protesters will be painting JOKER faces. F-ing Mask Ban?
Shocker
The JFK assassination is the only historical event that's socially acceptable/mainstream to conspiracy theorize about. Why is that?
Birds aren't real.
Rescuing Indian stolen girls
Final warning: Everything is gonna crash
I would ask that anyone doubting the obvious genocide of all white people in white nations go ahead and define genocide and then we'll talk.
Reddit is a data farm on you
পদ্মা সেতুর ১নং পিলার থেকে ৩৩নং খুঁটিসহ ১৪টি স্প্যানের সর্বশেষ অবস্থা মা...
Politics of conspiracism
Inside the market of fake passports
Filter Bubbles: We’re Not On The Same Internet // How social media curates the news to suit your version of reality
Filter Bubbles: We’re Not On The Same Internet
Chris Morris interview on C4 news about his new film
Yesterday Moloch was trending on twitter. Today #EatTheBabies is trending.
Travis Scott’s latest music video. The symbolism in recent mainstream music and music videos keeps getting more dark and cryptic.
Bye! Done.
Is it time to reconsider our premises regarding the JFK 'assassination' event?
What are some of the most used forms of indoctrination tactics that you regularly come across in the mainstream media?
The light setup over Justin Vernon tonight at his Minneapolis performance of Bon Iver’s Creeks
2016 established the precedent that you can pay foreigners for dirt, put undercover agents in a campaign, secure wiretaps on campaign staff and work with Aussy and Ukrainian diplomats in your investigatory efforts.
A valuable archive of lots of leaked material
There was 11 tons of gold and 935 tons of silver under building 4 of the WTC. Where did it go?
Economists Estimate the Sized of Shadow Banking System at $67 Trillion in 2011
The top 10 posts on /r/worldnews are all about Trump at the moment.
There was 11 tons of gold and 935 tons of silver im vaults under Tower 4 at the WTC. Where did it go?
Well This Explains a Lot… UKRAINIANS Donated More Than ANY Other Group to THE CLINTON FOUNDATION
"We need to eat the babies!"
Exxon-Mobile, Shell, BP - they are the responsible and will work to shift the blame
Yang says he believes we should end shooter drills in schools. Outcome of traumatizing kids not worth it. “Give your kids a chance to go to school and not worry about getting shot..let the adults worry about them getting shot.”
Tobacco/vaping companies in Reddit
This sub could use this advice right now.
[META] Your Political Party Does Not Define You! But Your Choices in Life Do!
“NASA chief scientist says we’re close to making announcements about life on Mars.”
Tried to watch Above Majestic on hulu as recommended by another user. It's the ONLY video that won't play. Everything else works immediately
Was the DNC paying for murders through Crowdstrike?
Vatican connections. Ukraine to Epstein to Vatican all through the Mellon, Wexner, and Heinz families.
They are listening
Biblical Times for those who can see the truth
Order out of chaos, A new world order
Check it out!! Great conspiracies and a good laugh :)
"The bitter truth is that Rudy Giuliani is building a path to the White House over the bodies of 343 firefighters." ~ Sally Regenhard, 2007
Movies and the Cinema Industry were invented in order to Popcorn Companies sell their product.
Seems fishy. Anybody know anything on this?
The Truth About the Joker in The Dark Knight
The propaganda machine is in your house.
Trump reportedly discussed Biden and Warren in call with China's president
Pentagon ‘testing’ high-altitude, mass surveillance balloons across Midwest US (nothing to see here)
So weird and true
Rising up
Attorney General Bill Barr Will Ask Zuckerberg To Halt Plans For End-To-End Encryption Across Facebook's Apps
As Hong Kong residents protest the corruption of China, and it's attacks on freedom, don't forget Lu Guang who was 'disappeared' by China for exposing horrible conditions. A fellow truth seeker.
I see this as a deep state attempt at controlling the facial recognition narrative
If there wasn't a left and right system in politics.
What If..
PINE GAP
Does anyone know what happened to the banned subs?
Rudy Giuliani insisted on putting the NYC Emergency Command Center in Building 7 and then lied about it.
The Media shilling for the Bidens so hard is really sad when the NYT literally confirmed the origins of the Mueller Investigation via Operation Crossfire Hurricane
Why do stars have circular trails in time lapse photography?
China unveils it's unmanned combat air vehicle. Although this one is certainly capable of drone piloting there are also rumors that it has semi autonomous capabilities. We are living in the dawn of AI based combat.
WhistleblowerMania 3! NEW IRS Whistelblower says "political appointee" might have tried to interfere in audit of Trump or Pence. More CIA hijinx?
9/11 Truth Busts Open on MSM News Station KTVA
Lost Lore of MKULTRA: OSS Started In 1943, Joe McCarthy was a Secret Morphine Addict
The following content has been identified by the YouTube community as inappropriate or offensive to some audiences. - Truth About The White Helmets/al-Qaeda
Elon Musk, China and NeuroLink
Going to give it a listen.
No more conspiracies on Youtube
Trump Cannot Be Anti-Globalist While Working With Global Elites...
Government Sanctioned Hitmen Walk Among Us.
What was Giuliani's role in 9/11
Ex Florida Police Cheif says FBI knows it all about Epstein but aren't releasing the information on purpose. He's had to flee to Russia to avoid being Arkancide.
Found this while looking through r/videos. First 26 seconds is Kimmel talking with a guy about Michael Jackson, notice his t-shirt.
10 months ago the man Trump put in charge of getting prescription prices lowered for Americans was SUICIDED -- Trump just said that Big Pharma might be behind the impeachment SCAM!
Sooo...I have a crazy theory.
Julian Assange Father states that his son is treated to 23 hours of sordid confinement in BRITISH jail.
Foreign Influence: Chinese Illegal Aliens Come to Our Border Without Any Vetting, Yet They Are Released...
Not a new article but Connecting some more Epstein dots regarding his interest in DNA
This is actually a valid point.
Talk about predictive programming
Roswell - A History of the Conspiracy (working link)
Trump triumphant as New York Times report reveals ‘whistleblower’ spoke to ‘Shifty Schiff’ before filing complaint
There’s a process for this. I never knew
There are a ton of pedophiles and sociopathic insects on this thread! r/fbiopenup
Guns In Chicago
AG Barr along with his UK &amp; Australian counterparts asks Facebook to postpone encrypted messaging on WhatsApp or provide a backdoor
Children screaming for help, out of a pizza palor in washington dc.
Imagine this possibility, what if the Chineese were harvesting organs for use in the Secret Space Program?
Trying to recall a Google Algorithm game subreddit
Haven't heard much on reddit about how the whistleblower had contact with Adam Schiff's office prior to filing his complaint
Protests in Baghdad growing very fast, Since 1st October, thousands of Iraqis have taken to the streets to protest against corruption, unemployment, and lack of services...
Be aware: This subreddit is manipulated by the elite
More evidence of an asteroid impact at the beginning of the Younger Dryas.
The Media wants a Tragedy at a Joker Screening to Happen. Watch out for False Flags.
The Media wants a Tragedy at a Joker Screening to Happen. Watch out for False Flags.
Try to impeach this? A redesign of the now-infamous 2016 election map, focusing on votes instead of land area. [OC]
I love it when we catch them red handed. This 'Dad' is a former employee of the Shadow Foreign Secretary, Emily Thornberry
People that argue about politics are arguing over a corpse.
Demi Lovato takes ‘religious trip’ to Israel, calls it magical, gets called out, threatens fans by weaponising her unstable mental health against her fans
SomeoneOnTheInternet: *Ukraine* The Coup, Russia, Rebels, Crimea, Nazi Battalions... Ever wanted to know the truth?
MILITIA'S ACTIVATING ALL ACROSS THE COUNTRY!! WE ARE APPROACHING CIVIL WAR?
Who's heard of Charles Hutchins Hapgood
Apollo 11 shocker: Buzz Aldrin's face discovered in iconic photo
Need help validating DOD Document. Is this real? I’m having trouble finding this on the DOD website. Maybe I’m looking in the wrong place ?
Hillary Clinton trolling Conservatives: 'Impeachable offenses committed on national television still count'
If the Las Vegas shooting never happened...
The Truth About Climate Change
Your Eyes Were Crossed
Why Do Satanists Wear Red Shoes?
Mike Pompeo and Jared Kushner attended the Bilderberg meeting.
Do Flat-Earthers Believe in God? Serious question, Looking for Serious Answers
FBI Busts Massive Fentanyl Ring Running Out of Dept of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs in D.C.
Apple Watch saves man’s life by calling 911 after he falls from his bike
The Lightbulb Conspiracy - Planned Obsolescence (2010) Documentary history of "goods" made to go bad
The Lightbulb Conspiracy - Planned Obsolescence (2010) History of "goods" made to go bad
Why didn't Germany warn us about the September 11th attacks?
“New Low”:Reporter PUSHED To The Ground For Asking Justin Trudeau A Question!
Sodium Bicarbonate: Powerful Medicine or Quack Treatment?
Hunter Biden's China adventure is a problem for Joe Biden
Holistic veterinarian, Dr. Michael Dym, reveals the secret to real pet health.
Todd Starnes gets fired over allegations against the democrats that hit a little too close to home for a few news executives.
P. Diddy says he’s about to expose the government
No, the Safety of the CDC's Routine Childhood Vaccine Schedule Has NOT Been Scientifically Demonstrated
The Truth About Climate Change
Heartburn Meds, Including Zantac, May Contain Carcinogen. Wonder if This Was on Purpose and Got Found Out. What Do You guys Think?
Cross Talk: Communist China at 70
Trump goes into battle mode on impeachment
Las Vegas Mass Shooting False Flag Solved?
Where is Jonathan Reich? (AKA Scotty Walker)
Fox News Judge Napolitano says "dangerous" Trump has committed impeachable offenses
They wouldn’t let me post this as the text anywhere
Judge adjourns Eggstein deposition after "argumentative questions" regarding his penis. Are questions like this really not allowed to be asked in sexual assault cases? It seems like the details are pertinent, especially when they are given to the prosecution by an alleged victim.
Facebook Allows Pro-Cop Pages to Spread Disinfo from Kosovo While Deleting Police Accountability Pages
Old Letter Proves GOP Senators Echoed, Amplified Biden’s Call to Oust Ukraine’s Chief Prosecutor
Chris Collins and the Biden issue is the same. The only difference is one is a Republican the other is a Democrat
I lost this weird video of an interview
World's Best Kept Secret
Media edits statement from lung disease victim to push false narrative. Said victim speaks out to clarify, has only vaped THC and never nicotine e liquids (which media failed to mention)
Former U.S. government geologist and engineer involved in constructing deep underground military bases claimed to of witnessed a meeting between the United Nations and "7ft Grey aliens" in an underground base. A few months after going public in 1995 he was found dead by suicide, maybe suicided
Here's that hippie, pro-privacy, pro-freedom Apple y'all so love: Hong Kong protest safety app banned from iOS store
Help me understand, why is "It's OK To Be White" movement considered racist?
The Epstein cover-up | Opinion | Chicago Reader
I reject your substitution for reality: Senator Lindsey Graham's attempt to manipulate a narrative is shut down
Lenin should be Machine gun raided at the sealed train from Germany.
Twitter and Youtube took Trump's video down. Here's a copy. Spread it.
QAnon is a fraud
Trump Recruits China In Biden Fight
Times of Israel article pulls to pieces the logic of those calling for compulsory vaccination
Times of Israel article pulls to pieces the logic of those calling for compulsory vaccination
Never trust talk-shows where "guests" wear earpieces
What are the odds two people with the same first and last name will have a passing resemblance to each other? There are so many people in the world that everyone is going to have one of these "twins." We should be seeking the Truth and not coincidences that are easily explained.
Israel’s Talpiot Program - Espionage | Unit 8200 &amp; Kill Switch Diplomacy
Israel’s Talpiot Program - Espionage | Unit 8200 &amp; Kill Switch Diplomacy
Trump appears to have engaged in a second quid pro quo about investigating his political rivals, this time with China.
Support for Trump in the conspiracy sub does not mean we support the two party system. We support the war against the globalists.
Jeff Bezos’ Whole Foods slashes medical benefits for nearly 2,000 part-time workers — Bezos, net worth $115 billion, makes enough money in 2 to 6 hours to more than cover the cost of an entire year of benefits for all of the workers facing cuts.
” Start Here ” : Trump lashes out against impeachment and Bernie Sanders hospitalized
Chase Bank Forgives All Debt In Canada on 2 of Their Visa Cards Overnight. Its Fiat Currency, and They Can Do This Anytime They Want
Hidden in plain sight #EpsteinIsland
Epstein had no trouble raking in more than $200 million in revenue just a few years after he registered as a sex offender and his previous company tanked during the financial crisis
ABC to Trump “What exactly is inaccurate in the whistleblower’s complaint?” Trump: “It’s totally inaccurate, because the conversation that I had was absolutely perfect...he wrote something that was total fiction.” Still no rebuttal to *specifics* in complaint
I posted the challenger collage yesterday. I did some digging on the pilot...this is what i got so far.
#HKDownfall compilation
Example of MSM propaganda: 2+ years of footage of MSM lying to the American people about Trump
Just as a mental exercise and learn to think like 0.1%, we pretend you are the group which controls china - how do you resolve the Hong Kong situation?
Remember when we all loved Snowden, trusted his judgement and applauded his commitment to transparency? Then this sub got taken over by... well, you know.
‘Publicly Engaging in Criminal Behavior Now’: Trump Openly Urges China to Investigate the Bidens
2018: Former CIA counterterrorism official Phil Mudd: The FBI people "are ticked" and they'll be saying of Trump, “You’ve been around for 13 months. We've been around since 1908. I know how this game is going to be played. We're going to win"
Greta thunberg and Luisa Neubauer( who works for the soros foundation) together in this video. For those who say it's just a conspiracy and she is alone. At 2:30 Luisa Neubauer asked greta about possible solutions but her handler next to greta changed subject and talks about possible carbon quotas.
Xpost: AMA tomorrow with Epstein Investigator!
We need a cohesive post on how the left right divide works.
Religion is fine.
US attorney general 'met Italian officials to discuss Russiagate'. William Barr reportedly seeking foreign help to investigate origins of FBI inquiry into Trump
Black people twitter knowing whatsup
The American Civil War II - The Digital Battle Ground...
Naturopath who said bicarbonate soda cures cancer banned for life by health watchdog
Jews Say Obey Rabbis More Than God
Trump involved Pence in efforts to pressure Ukraine’s leader, though officials say vice president was unaware of allegations in whistleblower complaint
What is Knowledge?(Conspiracy: Nobody Knows)
The Sheikah are just Lorulians from a long time ago
Joe Biden Brags about getting Ukranian Prosecutor General Viktor Shokin fired
Think anything important will come of the vatican raid?
Is Man Made Climate Change about voluntary depopulation?
Octopus PROMIS: The Conspiracy Against INSLAW Software, and the Murders to Cover Up a Scandal Bigger than Watergate
Where to start?
Official science magazine: Could Google influence the presidential election?
No Longer A ‘Conspiracy’, MSM Now Advocating Spraying Particles Into The Sky To Dim The Sun
Is there a conspiracy when only Republicans go to jail during a Republican majority in all 3 branches of government, or is the right just full of swamp things?
Tartary - an Empire hidden in history
Knifeman kills four police staff in Paris
Biden: Trump is ‘crazed’ and ‘afraid’ of me
Russian iPhone User Sues Apple for Turning Him Gay - The Moscow Times
It is going to get worse from here. Prepare to bug out or die.
Trick r treat?
Does anyone know where I can find the load of documents Declassified by the KGB in late 2009?
[META] Your political party does not define you.
Manuka honey hailed by scientists the 'most effective antibiotic' known on Earth
If its ok for usa government to backdoor citizens tech, then its ok for china to backdoor into usa government. Can we finally agree that ALL secret backdoors are illegal? - "Security backdoor found in China-made US military chip"
Can anybody post that YouTube documentary A Century of Enslavement? I can’t seem to find it online. Pretty decent content from what I remember.
Chemicals in dryer sheets could cause you asthma, rashes, even cancer
Ukrainian officials didn't believe Trump was using U.S. aid as a bargaining chip when he and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky spoke in July. This contradicts the Democratic narrative that Trump was engaging in an insidious quid pro quo
XPost /r/Epstein: I’m EP of the Epstein: Devil in the Darkness podcast and have investigated him since 2014. AMA tomorrow!
TRICK R TREAT???
The Epstein cover up. If you're not too tired of reading about him.
Why are subs like this allowed to exist?
XPost /r/Epstein: I’m EP of the Epstein: Devil in the Darkness podcast and have investigated him since 2014. AMA tomorrow!
The Day Shall Come
Enjoy Joker tonight ;-)
Cryptid Paranormal and UFO News. BIG CATS, Alien worlds and Area 51
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 11/?
Google's Homeless Facial Targets = Elite Urban Civil War Preps
HEART OF EMPIRE — Undelivered Goods How $1.8 billion in aid to Ukraine was funneled to the outposts of the international finance galaxy (Harpers Publishing)
Banned from r/politics for successfully pointing out that Trump/Russia collusion is a conspiracy theory
The US Government is suing Edward Snowden's publisher Macmillan, seeking to seize any profits from his new book.
All McCain’s Men in the FSA Terrorist Factions in Syria – A Lesson in How Not To Conduct Covert Foreign Operations And Provide Support For Terrorists
Change my View: Lee Harvey Oswald killed Kennedy and acted alone
YouTube BIAS re: Media Funding Info
Tissue analysis shows "vaping illness" resembles toxic chemical burns, not any oil buildup [resubmission]
NobodyDiedAtSandyHook.pdf
Default Reddit sub icons are now of Saturn?
X-Ray scans expose the true horror of sporting star’s vape damaged lungs
It took the MSM THIS long to finally state what we as a community have been saying the past several months. I’m surprised this study actually came out tbh. It’s an issue with specific chemicals that were burned in a specific cartridge, rather than an issue with the oils themselves. Large Corp is mad
Tissue analysis shows "vaping illness" resembles toxic chemical burns, not any oil buildup
Boris Johnson dislike smart cities
Put your reddit username here to see your reddit posts that have been removed from reddit https://revddit.com/user/&lt;username&gt; - for example https://revddit.com/user/squirrelboy85
BORIS JOHNSON DISLIKE SMART CITIES
What if....
YouTube BIAS re: Media Funding Info
Super Wealthy capitalists conspire to demonize and brainwash us against Communists as modern-day witches / devils destructive to freedom because the Super Wealthy abhor limitations on their own wealth and power over us. Communists actually enhance freedom and choice for the 99 Percent of us
Special cloud formation reveals hidden spaceships
Wait for it
Is New York University tainted by the blood money of Larry Silverstein?
Twitter Executive Gordon MacMillan is Exposed as a British Psyops officer of the 77th Brigade! "Information warfare" unit whose worked on "behavioral change" Projects using Twitter, FaceBook.. Centralized Media Platforms have officially become Social Engineering Arms
How much power do companies like Google, facebook etc. really have?
The Other Kamala Harris
Wow, anyone suprised?
The one thing about Greta which NOBODY is talking about
I am the messiah
Burning Down The Academic Industrial Complex &amp; The Need For REAL Science!
eBay Subreddit won’t show my post! It’s about the former CEO
Bum Rush Hollywood With Tiffany FitzHenry - Clooney's Deep State Sex Cult Connections!
Bum Rush Hollywood With Tiffany FitzHenry - Clooney's Deep State Sex Cult Connections!
Climate Scientist Debunks Global Warming Hysteria!
I posted this earlier and since then have seen 4 Oriental people when I went out to eat. But the sushi was good so there's that.
The Untold Story about “Angels”
Is it just me or did kirko bangz die like a long time ago?
Nothing To See Here... Move Along - Move Along!
Part 2 - Anunnakis
Any day now... "Barr went to rome to hear "secret" tape of Mifsud
Analysis behind events leading up to HK police shooting
US wasted billions in Afghanistan while China developed infrastructure – and now New York has bumpy roads, jokes Pakistani PM
Las Vegas Mass Shooting False Flag Solved?
Chinese internet users must pass a facial-recognition test to use web
Noah &amp; His Ark
Wayne Gretzky will have a heart attack within the next 48 hours
Inside job destroying Saudi oil refineries?
A Lesson from The Ancients
The Cult Of Diversity Is Killing Scholarship &amp; Free Speech In Our Universities!
Google search results vs Duck duck go
"Sanders is in my opinion the most fundamentally decent man in politics. His life-long struggle for a more equitable society is a reminder of how far we have come — and a challenge to complete the journey."
Game Time: connect a conspiracy/truth to one of UN Agenda 2030 sustainable development goals
Big tabacos involvement with government to purse their agenda against ecigs.
Incremental Bank Bailouts
The Same Bloodline
Blues Clues isn't about a single dog
Facts. Matter.
Israel and the Khazarian Mafia now secretly condemned and plotted against by World’s Top Military and Intel (Updated) – Veterans Today
The FBI Browses 4chan
BLUES CLUES ISN'T ABOUT A SINGLE DOG
Putin On Greta Thunberg's UN Rant: It's Deplorable That The Girl Is Being Used By Some Groups
Simulated Reality: What If the Earth Does Not Exist?
4chan Joins the FBI
People are being incarcerated in America for profit. The government then generates income from the prisoners through the work they do while draining the taxpayers money to make the private wardens fat cats.
Am I the only person who thinks Bernie's heart thing and HRC's media blitz are suspiciously timed? Guess I'll buy some more tinfoil. We are screwed.
House minority leader McCarthy spent $743 in Trump-owned businesses in the 10 years before Trump was elected, and $245,000 in the 3 years after Trump was elected.
Not Much of a Conspiracy
Fox News Host Todd Starnes Out After Suggesting Democrats Worship Pagan God Moloch. Moloch is currently trending on twitter.
What's your favorite conspiracy theory that someone could spend all day digging through?
-80.569000,-30.088694 why is this blurred out on Google maps???
Was this video ever debunked?
I’m not the first to say this but ... This sub is getting worse by the hour with pro and anti trump posts. If it’s a conspiracy...post it. If it’s just political garbage... post it in r/politics or STFU.
David Icke: The Moon Matrix
Edward Snowden on Trump's Whistleblower: "What they try to do is recontextualize the conversation - they try to make it about the source.... and not the allegation itself" There is definitive proof that President of the United States lobbied multiple foreign governments.
Atlanta Tea Party Protests Democratic Congresswoman Over Impeachment of Trump
The Pentagon Ended Online Surveillance Project Same Day Facebook Was Founded
Have you noticed that some threads gradually rise in points then jump down quickly?
Can someone tell me how this Hong Kong thing is going to end up?
Edward Snowden on Trump's Whistleblower: "What they try to do is recontextualize the conversation - they try to make it about the source.... and not the allegation itself" There is definitive proof that President of the United States lobbied multiple foreign governments and yet this sub is quiet
Two Systems of Justice
An analysis of events before HK protester was shot
We Are At War
Cops in China find 13 tons of gold stashed in ex-mayor’s cellar... This seems interesting because the amount is so large.
[META]Now that we are on our 3rd coup attempt, it should be abundantly clear the the American public: If you don't elect a Globalist aporoved candidate, they will do everything possible to negate the election. Democracy (rr) is dead.
When a CIA agent leaks the activities of the CIA
The White Helmets, Hala Systems and the Grotesque Militarization of “Humanitarianism” in Syria
Seattle Schools: Math Is Racist. In the exclusive private schools that the globalists, who promote this sort of foolishness, send their children, I promise you that rigorous mathematics is still being taught.
Simple question. Do you trust the US federal government? Why or why not.
The History of Propaganda in Pop Culture Is Weirder Than You Think | The Big Picture
Election Scandal: The President Ordered the CIA and FBI to Spy on Opposing Candidates. In 1964. And 1968, 1972, 1976, 1980...
Eyes Wide Shut is about Scientology
Hong Kong protestor citing MLK Jr. during a epic speech
Robert Maxwell Israel's Superspy : Interview with Gordon Thomas
Nick's Non-fiction: Mindhunter
Trump just won with memes.
Ex CEO hides out in Asia and blogs about SEC &amp; Overstock shenanigans. SEC leaked inside information to Prime Brokers and taking action to see shorts not lose money. Byrne explains his excuse for leaving how he did &amp; more.
1980s Fake UFO at Super Bowl
Post SHTF and other difficult situation theories
My Life Plan
Conspiracies Keep Proving True: Flashback to 2018: Pro-Trump Author Says CIA Has Plan to Kill the President - “You take on the Intelligence Community — they have six ways from Sunday of getting back at you”
Kai Murros on the European Genocide -
Snopes.
The logo for California organ donor registry is familiar..
IS THIS TRUE???!?!?
Trump administration advances plan for migrant DNA collection
Regarding calling greta thunberg the successor of Jesus Christ.... Jesus Christ was crucified because he challenged the system. greta thunberg instead works for the system and she is being financed and coached by the system (swedish pr company, soros, world economic forum, mass media support)
I Am and Hacker and Seller of Good CC,CVV,DUMPS and Dumps with pin 1 and 2.
MSM 2018 "George Soros and the Migrant Caravan" is a Conspiracy. George Soros Himself 2016: "Why I'm Investing $500 Million In Migrants"
Chris Morris explains how the FBI makes terrorist plots, finds people to carry them out, and then arrests them
The White Genocide Game ...
Hello Hello Hello all. Are you lloking for good CC,CVV,CC WITH HIGH BALANCE,DUMPS AND PIN 1 and 2. open the web.
https://hackgod009.comFRESH FRESH 100% CVV,DUMPS,LOGS,VERY GOOD ACCOUNT BALANCE
Dr Duke &amp; Andy Hitchcock Of UK Expose The Real Hate Speech &amp; Blood Libel AGAINST White People
Edward Snowden endorses Bernie Sanders for president
Oh COOL look it's already started! Almost ready to proceed with PERSONAL ID BASED FULL-TIME MANDATORY MOVEMENT MONITORING. THANKS
Watch "How Marxists Hijacked Our Culture" ...
Leftists Don't Value Tolerance
Does anyone else think we might be subject's of a new type of MK Ultra type mind control?
Do American citizens not understand private conversations with other world leaders have existed with our leaders now for decades? What is this objective ideal future everyone is desperately pawing towards?
Thousands in China Exposed to 'Mind Control' Technology Seek Answers
[NEW ANON] Meet "DODAnon" (Dept of Defense): "DoDAnon Exposes the Pohlad Shell Game, Klobuchar’s Missing Billions, and Big Sports Controlled PsyOp
Duck duck go vs. Google search results
How much do you think the US (or other countries) interfere in the Hong Kong protests ?
Unvaccinated teenager in Toronto gives speech to Board of Health.
Dr. Kenneth Zucker counseled 560+ patients with GID over the course of 35-40 years and had 98% success in males and over 80% success in females in returning to their natal sex. Zucker’s practice was shut down in December 2015. The conspiracy behind transgender medicine.
One day, the tides will turn. One day, the fields will burn. One day, the seas will churn. The Fury of our Maker's Hand
Genertically modified Mosquitoes which were meant to be sterile transfer the modified genes into the natural population
Seeking Conspiracy experts on the "Male Homosexual Attraction to Minors Information Center" and "MHAM"
Math Is Outdated! Its Keeping Us In The Past!
DHS now collecting DNA of detained migrants.
Google vs Duck duck go search results
Every. Single. Time
Bernie Sanders suspends campaign due to emergency heart surgery. Shills follow quickly. (Excuse the mobile format)
Tweet from The Hill is triggering normies!
The biblical Nimrod is Gilgamesh, and the Greek God Orion
M.K. Ultra victims name some of the alien programming projects carried out for mind control, some include using holographic technology at NASA Goddard space flight center where "lizard type" aliens were seen in another dimension.
Dont you think there is to much politics on this subreddit
There is so much evil in entertainment.
I find it most interesting that the week that Hillary is talking about running again, it’s the same week that Bernie Sanders is going into the hospital for chest pains
Warning: This is your fate after a few months if you stay in Hong Kong; And you bet that the NATO backed rebels are behind it. (Extremely graphic)
The Media Pushed FAKE Hate Hoax for DAYS! Then Covered it Up When Truth Surfaces
Further on Ad for Tunnels?
The YouTube Mystery of Kate Yup- PART 2- Identity Discovered, Location FOUND, Cops Called! Is Kate Yup being held HOSTAGE and forced to eat against her will for money?!
The Illuminati
Leaked Audio Reveals How Republican Legislators Are Taught to Get Away With Gerrymandering
Am I a stalker
All of Bernie's rivals tweet the exact same message of 'speedy' recovery.
I wrote a book about how the elite will use a virus to enact Agenda 21. Have a look if you're interested.
ID2020 and partners launch program to provide digital ID with vaccines
NYT just makes assertions like they are true.
Maybe a stretch : isn’t schiff doing the election interference with the deep state ?
Regime change is the replacement of one government regime with another. Regime change may replace all or part of the state's most critical leadership system, administrative apparatus, or bureaucracy. Regime change can occur through inside change caused by revolution, coup d'état or reconstruction...
White Couple/Google
Is Billy from 1990s "IT" Pennywise
Vaccines and Sterilization
berlusconi
Former Israeli Intel Official Claims Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell Worked for Israeli Intel. Whitney Webb, Mint Press News
Tikkun olam, philatrophy and the messianic age
Do u think the rocket actually hit a firmament dome surrounding earth?
Obama predicts Trump's border security policy
This certainly makes me think that operation blue beam is a go. What do you guys think?
Trump is working to discredit the Mueller report and asked Zielinski to make peace with Russia. The 2 things Russia sanctioned for are invading Crimea and election hacking.
The biggest reason why you should consider leaving Hong Kong
New Zealand whistleblower 59 pg transcript
What ever happened to Harold Bornstein?
The Strange Case of Gloria Ramirez
Any mass hysteria cases that are worth discussing?
Climate change causes autism
5G
Challenger Survivors. Keeping the theory alive.
"USA Descends into Impeachment Insanity" TruNews makes a solid case that the deep-state might suddenly be pushing for impeachment in order to cover up their OWN shady activities in Ukraine.
CONFIRMED: The anti-Trump whistleblower and his team coordinated with Rep. Adam Schiff, before he filed his complaint with the Intelligence Community Inspector General.
Did Terry Fox cheat in the marathon of hope?
Ok is this legit and Q related? "Department Of Defense Anon (#DoDAnon) Whistleblower The Hunters Have Become the Hunted"
"Weather as a Force Multiplier : Owning the Weather in 2025" US Airforce research paper in 1996
The Last Thing Bernie Saw Before His Heart Attack?
Trump doesn’t trust Barr(and rightly so)
Polls Show People Aren't Buying Establishment B.S. - James Corbett of The Corbett Report
Bernie's Sudden heart problem (definitely not Clintons) “The CIA's Secret Heart Attack Gun"
(meta) How long would it take for our society to completly dissolve?
Schiff, House Intel Chairman, Got Early Account of Whistle-Blower’s Accusations
Pedophile in chief.
South Carolina man, serving life sentence for the murder of a cop, seeks help in his case 30 yrs later. The case files speak for themselves, exposing the flaws of the Colleton County police department at every turn.
Greta Thunberg
Is it just me or is Facebook definitely listening to what you say.
Antarctica - Did I Find A TR3B?
Bulls found drained of blood with genitals removed. Aliens? Cult? Chupacabra?
Sorry To Bother You
Cia impeaches Trump and tries to kill Sanders the same week.
MSM mind-Meltdown continues: Watch as they realize they're being TROLLED by POTUS: "Liddle Schiff" aka "Apostrophe-gate". They laugh until they see the Conspiracy Theory behind it, then write off as "Crazy", just like PizzaGate, Just like Sandy Hook, Just like Vegas. CIA has brainwashed America!!!
Threatening to Withhold Foreign Aid in Support of U.S. Policy—Is Legal. In the case of Ukraine, if indeed President Trump had tied U.S. Aid to the conversation, it would have been in support of U.S. policy concerning corruption
WATCH: Acosta gives a cryptic response when asked if Jeffrey Epstein is an intelligence asset
"Maybe Bernie Sanders shouldn’t exist" -Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman
How to remove Jewish mind control triggers?
Is it suspicious that Bernie has been sidelined with a heart issue?
The American Civil War II - The Green Light For Global Conquest...
Explain Sandy Hook
Amazon owns reddit
It is a witch hunt
9 Political Conspiracy Theories Impeachment will Expose and Debunk
Be careful of what you wish for.
Intelligence Enhancement Drugs
Are we lied to about Earth's Orbit?
Reddit Prem1uim new logo includes All-seeing-eye on an upvote pyramid, freemasonic light, eyes wide shut masks, and Saturn. Fun.
What kind of country will we live in once a precedence is set that a president can be removed from office for investigating past crimes?
Roswell - A History of the Conspiracy
So what kind of country will we live in once a precedence is set that a president can be removed from office for investigated past crimes?
NASA chief scientist says 'we're close' to making announcements about life on Mars
Google racist after all?
China's long-term plans and recent events
How can anyone think that Trump is drainng the swamp when he surrounds himself with swamp monster Rudy "9/11" Giuliani
Andrew Yang proposes that your digital data be considered personal property
Clinton body count
Don't let the sun go down
Trump personally asked U.K.'s Boris Johnson for help discrediting Mueller report: Times of London
China's National Day Parade Reveals New Weapons That Will Influence (i.e., successfully deter and stymie) U.S. offensive attack Strategies. I reported this yesterday and was labeled an agent of the Chinese Government by some users. That's some real hate.
With the majority of people so focused on Trump and everything he says what is going on behind the scenes that were not focused on here?
This sub has been overran with Extremely biased &amp; politically motivated right wing and left wing users.
If you were the Vegas shooter, how many rifles would you have brought along with not sights or scopes on them?
The massive upward trend in "Jesuit Conspiracy Theories"
Alien 'Lurkers' Could Be Covertly Watching Us From Space, Physicist Says
Did you know that Raytheon has a travel booming services? Someone told me they found it in Epstein’s black book. Recall those statements about Dyncorp and their human trafficking. They are partnered with raytheon
Google memes used as viral marketing
Interesting treatment of whistleblowers when youre on the wrong side. EXCLUSIVE: FBI Raids Home Of Whistleblower On Clinton Foundation, Lawyer Says
I can't believe people on this sub are defending the President
How Bill Clinton And Wall Street Sold America's Military Secrets To China
Area 51 raid.
George Strait is Tom Brady’s Dad
A reminder to stay vigilant of TMORs idiots and their shittty vote manipulation attempts
Remember when Vinay Krishnan, who consults for Soros backed Center for Popular Democracy, was giving money to protesters to cover fines and fees when they got arrested at Kavanaugh Protests?
What conspiracies have the most tangible evidence providing proof that things are not as they seem.
Divide and conquer: the vaping and cigarette industry's are portrayed to be separate parties but they are performing the example of divide and conquer through the ban of vaping.
Reminder: No intelligence agency ever saw the evidence of the alleged russian hacking reported by CrowdStrike. CrowdStrike had 2 people that used to work for Mueller and one was part of the Atlantic Council. Atlantic Council has ties to Burisma Group (Hunter Biden), Big Clinton donors and Ukraine.
At least half of this interview with Joaquin Phoenix is staged.
The Simpsons: Predictive Programming or Coincidence? ~ Big event revealed - Seattle 11/3/2019 (Video).
Is no one as flabbergasted as I am that our corrections system is completely ass-backwards?
Privilege
What kind of racism do we file this under?
Guyger Trial
Vaping was invented to get a young generation addicted to nicotine. They are being taken away so that they can sell cigarettes again ( the cheaper alternative )
Rudy shouts CONSPIRACY to the WORLD
Benghazi Heating Up!
About reddit voting system. Admins can manually change the number of votes up or down. Internal reddit AI bot system will do it based on predefined rules like the topic side you take in a discussion. And surprise, we all have a "global" account that applies to many other social networks
Jesuit Chief: No country has the right to reject migrants. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
Holocaust denial arguments: The many contradictions in the story of Höss and the impracticality of the gas chambers.
Planned obsolescence
Rewinding UK lands for the Green new future.... Or land grab from hell? (Stolen shamelessly from /r/Futurology)
"Ex" CIA Operative &amp; Current History Channel Host Robert Baer is Still Pushing the Narrative that Oswald Acted Alone. Any relation to Gen. Charles P. Cabell (Bay of Pigs) &amp; his brother Earle the mayor of Dallas in '63?
Can someone please post/send me videos of 9/11 crisis actors?
Jimmy Dore - Media's Misreporting Of Ukraine-gate Apes Misreporting Of Russia-gate
I’ve seen this a few times and it always makes me think “alien false flag”. Thoughts?
Edward Snowden has been announced to speak live [via video] at Web Summit 2019
Repulsive Gravitational Force Field
Old man Dick Gregory covering multiple conspiracies I've never heard of. Might be someting interesting to look into.
Gang stalking and electronic harassment. Is it possible that the Vegas shooter was targeted and just flipped out?
Edward Snowden has been announced to speak live [via video] at Web Summit 2019
Seen in NJ
Wacko Jacko conspiracy theories
https://www.academia.edu/19369664/Wacko_Jacko_Conspiracy_Theories
WARNING: Reddit's favorite clickbait news site 'The Independent' is owned by a billionaire Russian Oligarch and a former KGB officer named Alexander Lebedev
Can someone explain me why those structures are built? It's literally just a cube, what is it's purpose? Anything related to politics?
Were American diplomats in Cuba victims of a sonic attack, or mass hysteria?
We deceive all of you
John Mark Dougan's US passport has been revoked after decrypted Epstein files were shown to author and radio host Ron Chepesiuk.
Despite being a college drop-out, Epstein was hired in 1973 by Donald Barr, an ESPIONAGE AGENT and headmaster at Manhattan’s private Dalton School (1964–74), as a calculus and physics teacher. There Epstein taught from 1974 to 1976.
Conservative MP Quotes Satan.
XPost /r/IAmA: I’m a reporter who investigated a Florida psychiatric hospital that earns millions by trapping patients against their will. Ask me anything.
A proposal to divide the United States into two countries. Just as a husband and wife with “irreconcilable differences” are often better off living apart. so the Reds and the Blues would be far better off if we split into two separate countries.
The politics of conspiracies
Reddit has taken another step toward eliminating thoughts that are scary to the underconfident from its platform: a new policy on bullying and harassment that will be selectively enforced like their other broad, vague, and cryptic rules
Brexit: let there be blood among capitalists and may the real Left finally win
Watch how you raise your kids...
How more woke you become, how less woke you want to be
YouTube covering up searches related to conspiracies?
Snuffing Out The Prometheus Project
Has anyone else been silenced in the great purge on twitter? The TRUTH is killing them, they can’t silence us all. TheStormIsHere - Red October
Is there a subreddit dedicated to the secret space program ?
FB just released three additional options whenever you try to hid an ad on their site. “Knows too much”/ “Sensitive topic”/ and “Too personal”.
Formaldehyde content found in an E-Cigarette is significantly lower than what is found in cigarettes and cigars
[Satire] Media Kinda Loses Interest In Global Pedophile Ring Run By Billionaire Who Broke His Own Neck
Is Google led by Freemasons ?
Here's a little game you can play along at home:
For what its worth
i need to know if michael tellinger dude is evil
TRUMP: We’re at war. These people are sick.’
9/11 was executed by Nintendo
I can't believe people on this sub are defending the CIA
Freudian slip?
US government is hiding something which makes the US presidents immortal.
Pro-Vaxxers don't understand the difference between corruption, conflicts of interest and conspiracy
Radical Islamism In Our Government !
Ben Swann: Is the Trump Whistleblower Really a Whistleblower?
Popular reddits sounding the war drums?
The American political scene is not the ultimate conspiracy.
How much of what we are told about 'war' is embellished or fabricated?
So wait, musician Moby actually does work for the CIA? Apparently he's friends with Adam Schiff and facilitated the transfer of Trump banking documents from a dead Duetsche bank executive's son.
The vape fear mongering is real and an attack on our health by the media, the government, and big tobacco.
Seattle - November 3, 2019 ~ Predictive Programming or Coincidence?
EMF’s... real or fake? Popular story on front page claiming they’re absolutely fake.
Demystifying CrowdStrike Conspiracy Theories—Cyber Saturday
Black Plague intentionally released into medieval Europe?
The amount of false data being spewed by major news outlets against vaping is the biggest propaganda against public health I’ve ever seen.
Banning flavored vapor juices = Gun Control Laws..
Sticks and Stones : Dave Chapelle joking in code?
Which was buried faster? The “death” of Epstein, the Panama Papers, or the Vegas massacre motives?
People never stop to think that the reason they agree with the mainstream media is because they've already been effectively indoctrinated.
VATICAN Secret Societies Jesuits and the New World Order
Don’t believe the Lies: Australia asked Barr to help US &amp; Trump get to the bottom of Russiagate Hoax! Facts &amp; Documents Trump Anonymous Hearsay.
Gambino family member says the Vatican runs the Mafia
[FAKE] Smartphone explodes on pillow killing a 14-year old girl
Non biased news sources?
The eternal communist we continue to face
"On Sunday, Israeli media reported that [Benjamin] Netanyahu (#terrorist) will likely tell Rivlin he’s unable to form coalition governance, according to unnamed Likud party sources.... will likely end his political career and personal freedom, leaving office defrocked and disgraced."
Mandela effect theory
Quick Survey: How many people on this sub would support states banding together regionally in order to dissolve many of the Federal governments powers which they are clearly abusing?
Jesuits Vatican and control
Does this impeachment mean there will be civil war?
supposed gambino interview about 9/11, vatican, sinatra and hoffa
Las Vegas Massacre
Amazon echo or Google Home
Reddit co-founder Aaron Swartz on the conspiracy against knowledge: "With enough of us, around the world, we'll not just send a strong message opposing the privatization of knowledge - we'll make it a thing of the past."
Zuckerberg getting red pilled as we speak
CIA Manual on Psychological Operations in Guerrilla Warfare made for the Contras in Nicaragua
Documentary On The History of Subliminal Messaging in America
I just learned that Isis his gain control of astroids so now would be the smart time for the US government to start space force I don’t know how Isis got the technology man but it turns out they do got it and we should be extremely scared because how the fuck did they get on the astroid how did they
Hereticon: Some of you may want to know about this.
Hong Kong protests are interesting because that's not even their own police force! It's the Chinese army! So basically, Hong Kong citizens are fighting a soft war, that has been cleverly disguised as a protest.
Anyone want a wallpaper?
Zuckerberg's new leaked audio saying having Elizabeth Warren as president would "suck"
Seven Days in May (1964): A U.S. President has recently signed a treaty with the Soviet Union, and the subsequent ratification by the U.S. Senate has produced a wave of dissatisfaction, especially among the President's opposition who believe the Soviets cannot be trusted.
What are we being distracted from in the United States? With all of this impeachment business, what else are we missing?
The Link Between Syria and Ukraine
A coup d'état, also known as a putsch (German:/pʊtʃ/), a golpe de estado (Spanish/Portuguese), or simply as a coup, means the overthrow of an existing government; typically, this refers to an illegal, unconstitutional seizure of power by a dictator, the military, or a political faction.
Two years after the Las Vegas Massacre...Let's just say that questions remain.
Gog, Magog and Babylon :
"NIST stands by its findings regarding the collapse of WTC 7, which were based on our rigorous technical analyses and independent expert review. See our FAQs to learn more"
Perhaps the largest &amp; maybe oldest painting in American history was a huge dragon on the cliffs of the Mississippi. It was destroyed in 1870 as were several smaller copies due for transport to a museum.
Does the Government/Intelligence agencies/Military/Media all of a sudden care about Whistleblowers?: On The Bidens, how to successfully fire lead prosecutors, Burisma Natural Gas, Ukraine, The US’ involvement in Ukraine/Russia Ordeal in ‘14
CIA handlers in charge of Dem poll numbers keeping Biden on top at this point are like
2 years since the Las Vegas Shooting and we still don't have answers, not even a motive. That could be because Paddock was the patsy to a false flag. There were many reports of multiple shooters and footage of muzzle flashes coming from helicopters.
Hong Kong protests are interesting because that's not even their own police force! It's the Chinese army! So basically, Hong Kong citizens are fighting a soft war, that has been cleverly disguised as a protest.
I've never been a proponent of vaping, but do you think Big Tobacco is driving this panic about the recent deaths?
r/news is not touching anything 'treasony' atm
She’s a farting fraud
Aaron Swartz on the conspiracy against knowledge - "With enough of us, around the world, we'll not just send a strong message opposing the privatization of knowedge - we'll make it a thing of the past."
Barr Went to Rome to Hear a Secret Tape from Joseph Mifsud, the Professor Who Helped Ignite the Russia Probe
"NIST stands by its findings regarding the collapse of WTC 7, which were based on our rigorous technical analyses and independent expert review. See our FAQs to learn more"
Stephen Paddock (Mandalay Bay/Vegas Shooter) was a daesh sympathizer who, with an act of terror, retaliated for the bombing at the Battle of Marawi in May 2017.
Anonymous will soon release the videos / lists of Pedo's
Support for impeachment rising nationwide as Pompeo vows to block officials from testifying
You cant spell China without CIA....
Baby water with added fluoride? Umm what’s the point when you don’t have teeth or even baby teeth? Thoughts?
Who are the Friends of the Real Kamala Harris?
Suspicious of how much porn is out there...
300 billion ton iceberg just broke off Antarctica and do you known what that means?
Watergate Journalist: Barr Trying to Deliver Proof of 'Deep State Conspiracy'
I've been thinking, what if these 'habitable planets' that we are finding (such as Kelper-186f) are the previously used planets of other humans (explained better in the post)
Is the Trump Whistleblower Really a Whistleblower? (ft. John Kiriakou &amp; Thomas Drake)
The CIA must be disbanded.
I saw a black helicopter the other day what does that mean?
5G
The internet censorship seems like they are afraid of something. Youtube, Google, FB, etc are all doing it
TIL: On Naomi Campbell's 41st birthday, Russian billionaire ex-boyfriend Vladislav Doronin gave her a house in the shape of the Eye of Horus on Cleopatra Island in Gulf of Gökova, Turkey.
Huge "Police Lives Matter" Facebook page run from Kosovo, pushed misinformation about U.S. cops
The Federal Government is Eating Itself. The feeding frenzy has really ramped up in the past decade. Both parties sponsored a coup d'etat of Ukraine, and are now using the CIA and FBI to throw each other under the bus.
The Truth About Your World and Your Reality (Part 1)
Sworn Statement of former Ukraine Prosecutor General Viktor Shokin: "US Officials directly manipuilated Political leadership of Ukraine on False Pretexts"
My Gift to Climate Alarmists
YOUTUBE ELECTION MEDDLING: steven crowders channel does not show up in search results in the united states- shows up fine in other countries like spain and Russia
For over a year /r/911truth has been "quarantined" redirecting visitors to state sponsored propaganda.
Questions about Michael Jackson
Revisiting “Curious George": A dark tale about a prisoner who happily forgets he is living in a prison.
How Israel Controls Its Narrative, by Philip Giraldi
The MSM implying that protestors and police are equally violent. They are using specifically neutral language in order to manipulate perception. It's very subtle and sophisticated but remember these people are experts at crafting narrative this is intentional language and omission of the truth
TIL in 2007, Iran arrested 14 squirrels for spying.
Harvard affirmative action case: judge upholds admissions process - says it's fine to discriminate against Asians and whites.
People wondering why I am so hard on the UK here is your explanation.
Trump admin abruptly delays funding for human-trafficking victims: report
Trump's DHS designates "white supremacy" as "terrorism", and will pressure tech companies to censor "hateful" content
Wiki page on hunter Biden is already a farce
Kids in Containers – Diplomatic Art Exchange Program Started by Gibson Island Resident and Former US Ambassador to Norway Lester Corrin Strong
Climate alarmist debunked in minutes
Sentimental Corporation
Why have these race hoaxes become so prevalent over the last 5 years? Why is the media so quick to report these stories while doing little to no fact checking?
Me and My Whistle-Blower - Deutsche Bank Files
Reddit has not been counting my downvotes
well ain’t this the truth
Convention on Psychotropic Substances
Babies in the womb have lizard-like hand muscles
Democratic National Committee (DNC) and the Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign used the government of Ukraine “for the express purpose of finding negative information on then-candidate Trump in order to undermine his campaign.”
The New York Times Has Abandoned Liberalism for Activism
Article on electro-sensitive woman downplays effects of wireless radiation.
Ultimate Conspiracy: Humans don’t deserve and don’t belong to live in this reality/realm.
Hillary Clinton Set For MAJOR Comeback, Escalates Rumors Of A 2020 Democratic Run Against Trump
Cable Modem surge &amp; short- anyone else in USA have this issue today?
anybody know where i can find this source?
The Obama Body Count
Crook Hillary Clinton Launches A Blistering Attack On Trump
Someone break it down for me
Need Proof of the DeepState MSM Coverup? Look at REAL Whistleblower Dennis Montgomery who exposed Obama's use of "The Hammer" Super-Surveillance System against his Political Rivals. Never heard THIS on CNN!
This has to be fake or a conspiracy one or the other!
Fukushima: Storage tanks are full, radioactive waste to be dumped straight into the ocean #globalCatastrophe
What if the Earth is the next Sun.
Larry Johnson strikes again. Takes a shot at Transgenderism in Sports and Exposes celebrities that promote "Vampire facials"
‘Global Greening’ Sounds Good. In the Long Run, It’s Terrible. (And the fight to keep Big Military Industrial Isral-oil Complex™ alive!)
Warning: Hong Kong is diving head on into this without any idea what it is facing.
Donald Trump, President of The United States of America, has an idea that it's within his power and is his right to dictate to China how it should and must behave. These videos of China's National Day celebrations indicate that the Chinese people &amp; nation have their own idea of how they will behave.
9/11
‘Global Greening’ Sounds Good. In the Long Run, It’s Terrible.
Carbon is a wonderful element, and the CO2 cycle is only thing that drives life on this planet
Theres an unnatural push for Elizabeth Warren and a fight against Bernie Sanders on r/politics
weird website that i found.
Watch as New WiFi Method Sees Through Walls and Identifies People from Video Footage
The greatest conspiracy and secret of all, is that Jesus would come in like manner to when He came the first time and would be born again as a man and live amongst us and with us in the Time of the End...Our time. Why did God allow this to be hidden?
Upvotes being Removed
Venus Was Primed for Life Before it Turned to Hell
Was author M.K. Jessup suicided after coming across information relating to a secret Navy experiment? Found dead of suicide in his car one day after announcing he made a breakthrough with the "Philadelphia Experiment" case.
Bush Funeral Letters/Military Tribunals
I am calling it on Dallas Cop Murder.
Ever notice that our rights always diminish under Republican presidents but the people taking away the rights are actually Democrats in congress?
Is this the beginning of the end of St. Malachi’s prophecy of the Popes?
The Wizard was at it again with Greta and this Sub took the bait...
Stop Trying to Meddle in Our Election USA!!!!! ...Canadians aren't as ignorant as you might think
Vatican police raid top offices, take financial documents
I can't believe people give up their hard-earned money to buy a device that spies on them.
Bought some early shares for the bitcoin laundering company IPO
Thanks, I’m cured!
Thanks, I’m cured!
What are some conspiracy theories that are even more ridiculous than the flat earth theory?
More children are dying from gender-bending pharmaceuticals than from guns
Why They want to REPLACE YOU
I got some early shares from the bitcoin laundering company IPO
China unveils terrifying nuke that ‘can hit US in 30mins with TEN warheads' Why is our trading partner building nukes to destroy us?
Something feels weird.
Crazy once people start taking action toward world peace for the first time in history the narrative shifts to.. did you hear about the ‘utopia’ these people want? Ugh!
Am I the only one seeing no comments on all new posts when opening them, even though it says there are comments?
Was Tony Rodham's Body Used For Epstein Escape?
Confused by Millennials
Xpost /r/IAmA: I’m a reporter who investigated a Florida psychiatric hospital that earns millions by trapping patients against their will. Ask me anything.
Water: a government trick
If you've recently "woken up" you may be realizing you should start eating healthier foods. But, you may be overwhelmed and not know where to start. So, I compiled some basic information on what foods you can start eating to get healthier, based on real scientific research.
Underwater Something
Remember that time when the world Expo presented aliens' message to mankind? I bring you the Astana world Expo 2017
What is the Update on Arizona Foster Care System Revealed as Pedophile Ring?
Unknown technology in Egypt
Are there any guides to survive a revolution or lethal uprising?
The Trumps betrayed by Israeli globalists
So I read the whistleblowers complaint and he DOESNT EVEN KNOW if there is a ongoing investigation into Joe Biden and his Son. THATS HUGE.
Stephen King's "It".
2 year anniversary and not a single post about Paddock and/or Jesus Campos?
SNL makes fun of all democrats running for president preparing us for Hillary joining the race.
And old wal-marts aren’t used for FEMA camps either huh?
In leaked audio, Mark Zuckerberg rallies Facebook against critics, competitors, and Elizabeth Warren
Global Warming Is it Real?
Chem trails and free energy suppression theory
Dick Gregory covering a bunch of conspiracies in rapid fire interview. I randomly found him on yt Very interesting and worth a look. Thoughts?
Was the Shaver mystery was really a glimpse into the future?
A comment from earlier inspired me to make this.
Elon Musk is from the future and teaching us how to build.
Why do people get so angry when you bring up the fact that Nelson Mandela was a terrorist?
How?
The only one who benefits from fueling fear around the Joker movie are the media and Warner Bros
Today give this my mum
Ancient astronauts
Mountain dew causes cancer yellow 5 proven to have cancer causing chems , chemtrails slow kill realer then evea how fucked 😨 the fact that cigs don't even get you high its like posions 😵 they are poisoning everyone and the air 😭⚰
Always remember Laura Silsby #HaitiRevolution
Yellow 5 has small amounts of cancer causing chemicals the slow kill is real fluoride everything 😨 the slow kill feels realer then before cuz the fuq damn wtf fuck 🤞😏 the cancer rates the chemtrials sicking wht guess i have to eat organic or somethin fucked up 😵 dead wtf unreal truly fucked
Jews Say Sodomizing 9 Year Olds Is OK
POTUS is Gaslighting the United States
Did they have to say "white"
Dates are a sign of the end... I haven't seen dates since I was probably 5. Suddenly they are reappearing in my life in multitudes. Movies, Youtube comments, and now at work at a chinese restaurant of all places. Telling you its a sign...of the end times wand where it will begin...
Any conspiracy book recommendations?
In Seattle Public Schools Math Is Being Interpreted Through the Lens Of Oppression.
Bourbon Rhode Tug boat in the middle of a hurricane?
Just checked my revddit
Real Goal of the Hong Kong "revolution"
Bernie Sanders Indoctrinates Children About Democratic Socialism and tells them he wants them to go to the Soviet Union
Bernie Sanders: "Lining up for food is a good thing"
Search "fuck China" and sort by new.
Chinese Purchase of Reddit Turns several subs against Trump including r/conspiracy
I want to be free of RAT RACE
Activist SHOT during the Hong Kong Protests
Trump is the real whistleblower here. He blew the whistle on the Biden Crime Family in shaking down the government of Ukraine.
I compiled a large but incomplete list of fake news
Reddit is closing r/TheRedPill with 419000 subscribers through Policy Update
It is becomming evident that Reddit doesn't make more profit by having more users. Reddit is probably getting paid to censor discusion.
Another Banker Death: The Head of Danske Bank in Estonia
[Video] "Riot Cop Shoots Hong Kong Protester in Chest With Live Round" - Wake up America! When we allow our Govt to Control the Web, Info, News Narratives, Weapons, this will be US.
Censorship and Blockchain Immutability: Is There a Limit?
Anyone notice that 4chan will not show up if you search for it on DuckDuckGo but will show up on google?
Just for laffs: Archetypes in today's news on Harvest Day, 10/01/19: See any symbols? Top &amp; bottom.
Recommend me some documentaries on religion and new world order
Another Trump Official Caught Lying to the American Public
Court Forces Release Of Clinton Wikileaks Discussion Email That Confirms State Department Knew About Her Email Account
Zuckerberg's giant child porn problem
What are some terrifying conspiracy theories about actresses who disappeared without a trace?
Jews Say 3 Year Old Children Are Ready For Sex
The UK media is making up an incredible amount of articles on MH370
The saga of 'Pizzagate': The fake story that shows how conspiracy theories spread - Dec 2016 news
The Biden Corruption in Ukraine. We are not talking millions here, we are talking billions looted out of IMF loans
As there a link between Adam Schiff and Kid Love Productions, that is tied to Bill Maher?
Maybe it's just me but fuck it's frustrating to see the media carry on about the whistle blower like they are a god amongst men all because they are talking about Trump but when it comes to Julian Assange or Edward Snowden they treat them like the devil
"All of humanity's problems stem from man's inability to sit quietly in a room alone". -Blaise Pascal.
[Meta] The conspiracy community has to take action. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
Vaccines are merely a clever excuse to excessively poison the population for profit later down the line, because they're easily disguise-able and excusable by their seeming necessity and their ability to save many from diseases.
Plans of the American goverment to control the flow of information online. (old BBC news article)
Robert Downey Jr. Blows Whistle on Elite Hollywood Pedophile Ring 2017 ?
Usually you can tell the difference between conspirators that just want to feel special and woke, and conspirators that aren't conspirators, but are just skeptical, rational people who aren't naive and gullible.
4,500 direct civilian targeting events resulted in 11,700 recorded civilian fatalities since the US-Saudi led coalition invaded Yemen in 2015. Around 67% of all reported civilian fatalities since 2015 have been caused by US-Saudi led coalition airstrikes.
Xi Jinping owns Reddit and is a horrible person
Arthur Thompson, CEO of the John Birch Society, talks about the Illuminati.
"All of humanity's stem from man's inability to sit quietly in a room alone." -Blaise Pascal.
In the US, workers work among the longest, most extreme, and most irregular hours; have no guaranteed paid sick days, paid vacation, or paid family leave; and pay more for health insurance, yet are sicker and more stressed out than workers in other advanced economies.
Your congress doesnt listen. Unless youre a constitent or a wealthy donor- congress members will ignore your calls and emails
ROBERT DOWNEY JR. BLOWS WHISTLE ON ELITE HOLLYWOOD PEDOPHILE RING 2017
Social Media is a PsyOp: Twitter and Government Militaries teaming up for Information Warfare
We are being kept like herd animals.
Capitalistic propaganda today
Calling All Conspirators!!
Meghan McCain: Women would be called 'crazy bitches' if they acted like male Trump allies | TheHill
Haiti is overthrowing their government and MSM is keeping it hush hush
A response to "BuT wHaT aBouT rwpublicans!" When i posted a list of democrat fake news
Use Revddit to see the true depths of reddits depravity!
Alongside obesity, what else is being normalized?
Were American diplomats victims of a sonic attack in Cuba, or is this all a case of mass hysteria?
Agricultural Warfare?
I compiled a large but incomplete list of fake news. And it will be downvoted by paid trolls and anti reality democrats
Adding proof to what I posted before: whenever anybody post anything remotely positive of trump or negative of Democrats in this subreddit it gets downvoted and attacked by the paid trolls
Samsung Galaxy Fold Foldable Smartphone Launched in India at Rs 1,64,999
it seems that dems very concerned about Biden being investigated. It's understandable that Democrats are terrified at the prospect of Donald Trump investigating Joe Biden
Palestinian detainee in critical condition after Shin Bet interrogation. Rights groups allege torture, ill-treatment.
Photo: Joe, Hunter Biden Golf with Ukraine Energy Company Board Member in 2014
How long before the identity of the whistleblower is revealed and they end up either having a fatal accident or killing themselves?
CIA whistleblower, kinda like 4.6 billion$ in cocaine ran into the country, or the heroine epidemic!
Our goal on this thread should be to eliminate clandestine agencies from within our governments.
Senior Credit Suisse executive sacked over 'extraordinary' spying scandal
Sweden: treated gunshot wounds doubled since 2012 - "bUt GuN cOnTrOl WoRkS!!"
Actual CIA Whistleblower Calls Out Trump’s “Whistleblower” w/John Kiriakou
Especially in the US, the topics of trash, single use plastic and recycling are artificially pushed and inflated to distract from the real culprit of climate change: the fossil fuel industry
Did some testing of the Youtube censoring...
Well, f*ck!
Huge Tanker Blast Sparks Fire Injuring 18 in South Korea
im thinking this is cencored?
The Australian Ambassador sent this letter to AG Barr *in May* offering to help investigate the collusion hoax
Does anyone else feel unnerved by the rapid rate of smart technology becoming more and more central to our everyday lives?
Were the Greek gods and goddesses based on real people?
Moshe Report - Leadked US Iran Attack Plans
Any other articles on effects of Zeranol and E2 used in the beef industry?
Toronto Film Festival Censorship = Toronto Tiff With Lobster Heads
Am I right in thinking that touching your own reflection means it’s a two-way mirror?
First hand knowledge was never a requirement for whistleblowers
Confederate Flag: Southern Heritage or Racism Symbol? #NetwitDebate
Cyclical nature of everything
Solid point
I predicted, it has came!!
when you're wAtching ancient aliens
Could be used for project blue beam...
An official impeachment inquiry was launched over allegations that President Trump pressured a foreign power to damage rival Joe Biden, Trump called the actions a "total Witch Hunt". Do you agree or disagree with his statement?
You don't need someone else to tell you what is true and what is lies.
Pedophile vs child molester
Compilation of death ritual day in Hong Kong: Four areas
Death ritual on Sha Tin, Hong Kong LIVE
Scientists tell U.N. Global Climate Summit: No emergency
Jews have been behind nazism from this whole time
Jews have been behind nazism from this whole time
Stupid question: do Zionists control the whole of Hollywood?
JEWS HAVE BEEN BEHIND NAZISM FROM THIS WHOLE TIME
Probably the best meme ever!
One By One
Is it possible that the US administration is doing a controlled demolition of itself?
Virginia girl who said white classmates cut her dreadlocks made the story up, school says
Something bad is coming
John Stockewll - CIA Whistleblower - The Most detailed (public) account of a CIA covert operation (Angola)
Kanye West's leaked song 'LA MONSTER' from upcoming album Jesus is King has interesting commentary on the state of Hollywood..
What is with all of the Saturn symbology on reddit? It's not only the default picture for subreddits but also in official artwork. I understand Snoo is an alien, but Saturn is depicted quite obsessively. Has it always been a symbol of reddit? Some people contend Saturn is linked with Satan worship.
Wow
Riddles in the buildings of St. Petersburg. Part 4 (sibved)
Warning: The death rituals are coming
Joseph McCarthy Revisited Anti Communist or Witch Hunt?
WWE and the Saudi Royal Family
Reddit's chinese controllers have started shadow banning people
TIL: Naomi Campbell revieved a house shaped like the Eye of Horus on her 41st birthday from Russian billionaire ex-boyfriend Vladislav Doronin on Cleopatra Island in Gulf of Gökova, Turkey.
Facebook shadow banning my posts
An esoteric perspective on 'Greta Thunberg'
Actual CIA Whistleblower John Kiriakou Calls Out Trump's “Whistleblower”
Greta Thunberg "play" is a 2 front attack
More links emerge between China and Joe Biden's family
Mark Levin Talks About The Ukraine, Biden and Trump Situation With Fox &amp; Friends
CIA whistleblower John Kiriakou on CIA attacks against the president "It frightens me as an American"
Divide &amp; Conquer: America’s 1 Party System Explained
Artificial blood developed for patients of any blood type. (What could possibly go wrong?)
HRC on Colbert RN
My perspective of the top 3 threats to mankind.
False flag theater shootings incoming when Joker is released?
Why Is Antarctica in the center cut out on satellite images and thermal Images.
Pretty sure Youtube is tracking peoples using their IP.
Prince Andrew Arrives Down Under - Lock Up Your Kids.
The Government Created Lime Disease (Project)
This building cost 6 billion dollars, “it was used for 3 days” anyone have and insights into this? North Dakota
The Same Drug that's Used to Block Hormones for Trans Kids Was Previously Used for Chemical Castration –
Seems like a lot is going wrong for the right all at once eh
Paradoxical Means: Western Governments That Have Supported Terrorist Groups in Syria And Libya Now Want Your Passwords So They Can Stop Terrorism
https://youtu.be/-oXEL6Cju1I
Why Not Remove Trump And Put In Someone Who Is ACTUALLY Anti-“Deep State”
CIA whistleblower John Kiriakou on CIA attacks against the president "It frightens me as an American"
Here is an interesting Conspiracy Theory for Everyone
(Discussion) Do you think TPTB could/would pull off a "Jesus returns" event?
TIL shortly after returning from the moon Buzz Aldrin began to suffer from alcoholism and depression. "I wanted to resume my duties, but there were no duties to resume. There was no goal, no sense of calling, no project worth pouring myself into."
I swear that reddit somehow picks up argumentative/negative comments and gives you fake errors to hopefully deter you from posting.
“we are a compound in space”
The Cult that believes in global moistening. Yup, not warming, but moistening.
CIA whistleblower John Kiriakou on CIA attacks against the president "It frightens me as an American"
Child soldiers of the "elites". Greta Thunberg, Nayirah, and Severn Cullis-Suzuki are all on the same side and it is not ours. There is no Left or Right, only us versus them.
Is the body positivity movement normalizing obesity?
dorito is illuminati
Documentary Recommendations
Nearly 30,000 children under age 10 have been arrested in the US since 2013
r/theredpill being deleted because of opposing viewpoints
TheRedPill is about to be deleted from Reddit
I comiled a large but incomplete list of fake news
My Life Plan
Greta is now the "Successor of Christ"
Thought you might like it :)
I pray I'm not the only kne who noticed
"Australia in Trump's sights for 'Russia hoax' investigation" This was in may. Why are they talking about it now?
Example of fake news propoganda
I was shown technology
Twitter executive with editorial responsibility for the Middle East works for British Army’s psychological warfare unit
Who controls the media
Can we talk about crack cocaine for a minute?
"TIL shortly after returning from the moon Buzz Aldrin began to suffer from alcoholism and depression. "I wanted to resume my duties, but there were no duties to resume. There was no goal, no sense of calling, no project worth pouring myself into." On front page. I think he saw aliens.
This sub is full of trolls for far left candidates who defend them at all costs. The elections are bringing back shareblue and non paid trolls
Cloudy with a chance of acid rain
Trump asking Australia for the same thing essentially that he asked Ukraine? Doesn’t that tell you something about his intentions
[Paywall] Thanks to Gabriel J.X. Dance @gabrieldance and Michael H. Keller @mhkeller of the New York Times, if you were previously unsure of how to store and share pornography undetected, not to worry—these guys tell you exactly how to do it.
Wouldn’t asking Australia for help in the origins of the Russia hoax the molar investigation support the idea that Trump asking Ukraine to investigate Biden was for the same reason
Free citizens of Facebook
Understanding the US-China Trade War: It's About Corporate Wars
Reuters story "FBI studies two broken cameras outside cell where Epstein died" that was pulled down. Remember to always archive anything you want kept as record online. So so prior to posting here or anywhere else that garners attention. Actually you should do so at multiple archive sources.
Cool Vidya
In near future Apple wants to ditch the notch and use cameras behind your screen. Assuming that military tech is years ahead as usual, we can be watched through ours screens right now.
Free citizens of Facebook
Adam Schiff is blackmailed into pushing for the overthrow of the US government and to create a totalitarian state with no constitution, he should be immediately taken into custody by the people.
Remember this when someone says that mass surveillance is important to protect security...
Cults and Memetic Tribes: Down the Rabbit Hole of a Decentralized Society
The World Needs Innovators, Not Lectures From Teens, to Solve Climate Change
Why is schiff asking for more transcripts ?
Cults and Memetic Tribes: Down the Rabbit Hole of a Decentralized Society
Reddit wants Bernie to win. Only polititician I have seen advertises on this crap Chinese site. I think I have made it pretty clear I will not vote Democrat, hell even if I wore to vote Democrat, for fucks sake not Bernie.
Heard radio chatter through laptop.
Any interesting conspiracy theories about Disney stars?
Electric Vehicles
Any interesting conspiracy about Disney stars?
Crosspost/repost from r/Futurology. More prepping for disclosure?
My email was hacked and posted on this subreddit
Reddit increasing censorship
Trump-Zelensky Call - Reality vs. Schiff's Fantasy
Example of fake news/propaganda
[meta] For the sake of transparency, I propose that all MODs must leave their own "Flair Statement" when they add a personalized "Flair" to a post.
Follow-up to the army/student debt correlation post: is it normal that this is the first result that comes up?
The Internet Is Overrun With Images of Child Sexual Abuse. What Went Wrong?
Embark on a visionary journey through the fragmented unconscious of our modern times, and with courage face the Shadow.
What are the facts surrounding the idea that Pearl Harbor was a “false flag”?
American diet and addiction.
How billionaires fight climate change
Comment shadow removed in nextfuckinglevel if you mention the unmentionable
Explain me like I'm five. From a bureaucratic and legal point of view: Any chance that Trump gets impeached or is just a show for the masses?
MyKidIsGay.com Tips on Fucking Children in the Mouth and Asshole
If you have a photo with Greta and you are rich #buyamazon problem solved.
If you have a photo with Greta and you are rich #buyamazon problem solved.
Trump Pressed Australian Leader to Help Barr Investigate Mueller Inquiry’s Origins
Elizabeth Warren lies and says that she doesn't have any super pacs. As she links to a donation form on her super pacs website
Was the momentum to abolish ICE co-opted or created to enable human trafficking?
The rolling stones have been involved in ritual sacrifice and devil worshippin for a long time
Peer-reviewed paper published on flight characteristics of UAP/UAV observed by the Nimitiz in 2004. Quotes and Video in comments.
A close look at how the Trudeau brown/blackface stories were broken reveals multiple violations of basic journalistic procedure
Google News keeps reinstalling itself on my Android phone and presenting notifications for NewsCorp media.
Obama Birth Annoucement Not Found in Hawaii State Library Newspaper Archive
Reports on China ‘organ harvesting’ derive from front groups of far-right cult Falun Gong
Top 10 Reasons Why Greta Thunberg Is a Fraud
Who remembers this right now?
Senior Twitter Executive Exposed As British Psy-Ops Soldier
How can this whistleblower receive federal protection when the public doesn’t even know his identity?
MSM, Blue Checkmark Asswipes Spent All Weekend Crying Racism Because A Black Girl Said She Had Her Braids Cut Off At Karen Pence’s School, Turns Out It Was Another Hate Crime Hoax
Fake Hate Crime Hoax. Did you hear that story the trecherous legacy media spent all weekend breathlessly told about the 12 year old black girl at Karen Pence's school who had her braids cut by 3 racist white boys? Turns out it's just another hate crime hoax.
Head of Saudi king’s security detail shot dead in mysterious circumstances
Hmmm why did ole Georgie change his mind? (NSFW)
Ron Paul: Impeachment...or CIA Coup?
HEAD OF SAUDI KING’S SECURITY DETAIL SHOT DEAD IN MYSTERIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES
Do y’all recognize this? It’s on random twenty dollar bills I’ve found.
2nd largest incel community banned, largest is currently being flooded by tranny spam that makes every thread unreadable. Is the FBI planning to false flag an incel attack and wants the MSM to be in complete control of the narrative?
Where is Erin Williby? I welcome any theories on this discussion
Red pill here...time to wake up to the faux reality you've been living in...Order From Chaos: I Pet Goat II, Super Bowl 53, False Flags and Illuminati Elite Rituals
Random Chinese-looking guy hanging out in front of my house. Wtf?
Where is Erin williby? I want your thoughts on this chilling case that I put together?
Food Plastics = Estrogens in Your Body
Watch ABC News in 2008 Predict That NYC Will Be Underwater by 2015 | Mark Simone | 710 WOR
Alright, listen up. Today I got this idea. What are your thoughts? 🤔😅
Trump Raises Idea of Arresting House Chairman for Treason
Sweden is Dying
Dr Shiva Ayyadurai - A person who would fit in here, talks about the CO2 Carbon Trading Conspiracy
The Nazis (Fascists) rode into power on the shoulders of a collectivist socialist movement. Change my mind.
Anybody have any less known conspiracies that they think people should know about ?
rBraincels banned 4 days before premier of "Joker" movie which FBI warned of incel violence. Is the FBI gearing up to stage a false flag and blame it on incels?
I can’t travel to Portland
The ‘health farm’ from A Clockwork Orange looks familiar
EXCLUSIVE: Twitter executive for Middle East is British Army 'psyops' soldier
Former MK-ULTRA subject Arizona Wilder claims mutants are being made at Area 51
R.I.P. John F. Kennedy and your attempts to thwart conspiracy.
1 Step to unlock the blocked brain pathways, and be a successful icon
Life is a disease
Of course you do..
Whistleblower Comparison
Synthetic Telepathy 8 - Attempting to Elude The FBI
Scaring kids with pseudo-science didn't start with global warming!
I just got banned from r/askhistorians for asking how many people total were killed in terrorist attacks ordered by Nelson Mandela
Was Erin Williby a victim of Brock Pierce and Marc John Collins-Rector?
rBraincels banned 2 days after I suggested that the fbi was forcing reddit to keep it up
Ickonic the Brand New Streaming Platform - Sign Up for More Information
Is he wrong though?
A Fox News station in Kansas City ran a peice on how bleach helps autism.
The Chair of the Senate Homeland Security Committee (Ron Johnson) and the Chair of the Senate Finance Committee (Chuck Grassley) are insisting that the Department of Justice come clean about Democratic Party efforts to solicit Ukrainian interference in the 2016 election
The archetypes of society I've observed 🤔😏
Meet the Bidens, your (overly) friendly corrupt traitors. Conspiracy rundown.
happy national coffee day...here’s some more info about how coffee is killing our brains.
The Gov’t is purposefully popularizing idiot rap in order to dumb down the masses.
As with any operation being run by CIA agents, the propaganda surrounding the Ukraine whistle blower is pretty heavy and confusing.
Is it possible that Nibiru is a spaceship, not a planet?
Secret society found on Snapchat??
If 8chan does not come back online, will it the end of QAnon?
Former Italian Prime Minister Salvini: "I'm Increasingly Convinced That There Is An Ongoing Attempt Of Ethnic Replacement Of One people With Another People. This Is Not Emergency Migration, But Organized Migration That Aims At Replac
Was the former F.B.I chief Ted Gunderson killed for exposing child sex trafficking rings being used for political blackmail? He had two contract hits out on him in the 1980s and tested positive for cyanide and arsenic poisoning in 2008
Opinion -These once-secret memos cast doubt on Joe Biden's Ukraine story
The Trayvon Martin Hoax
Another racial hoax gets massive coverage and conveniently forgotten when the perpetrator admits they lied
The Disappearance of Erin Williby a young actress who starred in a Disney movie called "First Kid"
The wonderfully enigmatic David Icke talks about 9/11, Saville, and the Royal Family's silencing of Princess Diana.
Trump's own staff repeatedly warned him that his theory about Democrats and Ukraine had been debunked
Probably already been posted but....
As we approach the 2 year anniversary of the 1 October Shooting in Las Vegas, here again is the FBI report showing the world's most advanced investigative bureau found zero evidence for any motive whatsoever from Stephen Paddock.
The Disney movie "First Kid" has many dark secrets and also a missing actress.
How did these fitness IG accounts that don't follow me know to view my story about nutrition? I didn't comment anywhere about it
Democrats: Donald Trump breathed today, which is actually grounds for impeachment
Greta Thunberg, Nayirah, and Severn Cullis-Suzuki: Child Soldiers of the "elites" selling false narratives from both sides.
Hong Kong SHTF day: Be prepared
Ok another theory : did whistleblower collude with Adam schiff
Netflix Movie Fantasizes About Time-Traveling Liberals Carrying out the “Pre-Crime” Murder of Patriots to Prevent an American Uprising Against Globalism
Are media outlets controlled by the Biden campaign?
Video showing Antifa harassing and blocking an elderly lady from crossing the street has been removed from the front page and comments locked.
I guess this answered the question for me
The Deep State (CIA) is Running an Op to Remove the President. Obviously Not OK
Massive Attack / Pizzagate Post Disappeared [META]
ABC, CNN, MSNBC, CBS, WaPo, NYT, and NPR all replaced the crossed out words in the official Ukraine call transcript with a single ellipsis (...) as if President Trump merely paused for a moment. [Source in comments]
As we approach the 2 year anniversary of the 1 October Shooting in Las Vegas, here again is the FBI report showing the world's most advanced investigative bureau found zero evidence for any motive whatsoever from Stephen Paddock.
Twitter executive for Middle East is British Army 'psyops' soldier - Head of editorial for MENA is part-time officer in the 77th Brigade, an 'information warfare' unit which has worked on 'behavioural change' projects in the region
How dare you!
Iran Guards chief: Destroying Israel now not a dream but an 'achievable goal'
Whistleblower's Lawyers Say Trump Has Endangered Their Client as President Publicly Threatens 'Big Consequences'
[Meta] What is with this new flair? How do the mods determine if something is "fake news"? How come this is the only article with this flair?
Could Chemtrails be causing Climate Change?
Whistleblower's attorney says '60 Minutes' misinterpreted letter in federal protection report
[Meta] What's the deal with this new flair? How do the mods determine what's fake and what's not? I've seen many fake news articles here without the flair
The American Civil War II - It's About Building Acceptance...
Can We Take a Break From Conspiracies &amp; Play Some Mario?
THE ARCHETYPES OF SOCIETY I'VE OBSBVERED🤔😏
Is there any evidence Snowden is controlled opposition?
Rotschilds and Habsburg Family
You took blue pill.
Anna Nicole, Britney &amp; MInd Control (truth and lies/fiction mixed? thaat is how the hegelian dialectics work)
Is A Posthumous Impeachment Off The Table? (2011 Essay: Hey, Hey, LBJ, Quit Running The USA)
CIA Operative's Attorney: '60 Minutes' Federal Protection Story Is Fake News
How much “Foreign Aid” the world receives from the U.S
The conspiracy of right left and choosing trump.
I made a Matrix music video I think people here would enjoy
Constitutional question
CNN’s Gergen: If Somebody Goes After the ‘Whistleblower,’ the ‘Blood Is Going to Be on the Hands’ of Trump
Is A Posthumous Impeachment Off The Table? (2011 Essay: Hey, Hey, LBJ, Quit Running The USA)
If you are in Hong Kong, remember that past this week everything will turn 360 degrees; Here is how your new life will sound.
America's child brides
bezo
It’s really interesting
A scandal cover up from the Prime Minister of the UK. This didn't happen by chance
Is this all just a test
Whether you call it conditioning, ideological subversion, public relations, psyops, etc. It occurs everyday in every form of media especially social media. Right now a dangerous game is being played on Twitter of normalizing the idea of another civil war.
Former Ukrainian prosecutor asked for official inquiry into Biden. "Let's put this through prosecutors not presidents"
Timing of whistleblower
A very cruel and efficient system.
Actors used during climate protests, fridays for future(FFF) and extinction rebellion movements.
Doorway to the lands of eternal life linda moulton howe
Massive Attack concert in NYC last night.... Tour cancelation in 4, 3, 2, 1....
Ruth Bader Ginsburg is dying. This impeachment push right now is being done solely to (try to) prevent President Trump from replacing her.
My dad spent a week in a hospital for a heart attack and this is what we owe (x-post from /r/WellThatSucks)
Interesting image taken from one of the the murals at Denver's airport. Any connection to the recent Amazon forest's massive fires? 🤔
Some people don't believe this and it's pretty obvious why.
Project on the Rothschilds
Monsanto must pay a record $2bn in largest verdict yet over cancer claims
The Conspiracy Theorist? Interesting take on conspiracy theory and when you take it to far... George Soros Shill?
Hilary is starting to make her public appearances. Word is that she may join the race at last minute if Biden is taken down. What a wonderful world this would be!
Meet The Ex Cop Who Fled To Russia: John Mark Dougan Interview
NIRVANA HIDING SATANIC MESSAGES IM THEIR SONGS
And the plot thickens. Schiff met with Ukrainians involved in the Biden case prior to whistleblower complaint
This is why they want to keep you sick and prevent cures from being brought to the public
In 1963, the CIA was well aware of the attempt to disarm America that was beginning to take place
One possible reason why the universe is continuously expanding is maybe because the universe is what’s inside the body of a much larger creature and the planets are just the cells and we humans are the things inside the cell.
Bat Boy Escapes Epstein's Island!
Was looking at pictures of the climate strike protesters all those people out in the hot sun. Think of all the plastic water bottles needed to keep all those people hydrated.
Macron has redecorated the Elysée Palace. What is the message behind the new modern art pieces?
Pray for Hunter Biden. Found this article to be interesting.
If carbon dioxide is so bad for the planet, why do greenhouse growers buy CO2 generators to double plant growth?
Yeah, right...retarded article. Remind me, how many people in first world countries died from measles itself vs the vaccine since 2000?
can someone explain what these people are doing?
If Disney can run their own government, what do you think they're doing that we don't know about?
Denmark to ban fluoride in food packaging
Creator of Bitcoin spotted in cryptic Thai sect
NASA and STARbucks
Orange Man Bad
NEW INFO INTO #Crowdstrike #DNCFraudLawsuit Shawn Lucas Death - Seth Rich connection/Girlfriend gives exclusive interview
Not sure where to post this but my theory is that the majority of redditors don’t upvote or downvote, but instead an algorithm determines the popularity of posts based on clicks and comments. The upvote/downvote systems functions but it is not nearly as influential in curating posts as it appears.
What were some conspiracy theory’s that turned out to be true?
New EVIDENCE in death of #crowdstrike #dncfraudlawsuit process server, Shawn Lucas/Seth Rich connections. Girlfriend gives exclusive interview
The President of the United States of America has officially threatened to declare civil war if he is impeached successfully.
Where should I watch conspiracy videos, now that YouTube is all but scrubbed?
I've uncovered a picture from the whitehouse, explains everything
If you think the US government is going let “drug cartels” make all the drug money + the strongest military in the world can’t stop the drugs from coming in then you’re the conspiracy theorist
Mystery of TITANIC SHIP
Las vegas shooting
You have been lied to about intelligence and ethnicity
Antarctica - Found Jang Bogo Station
Belief the government is using gang stalking tactics and tech for a follow up
[meta] This is how you know this sub is overrun by Leftist shills, /r/politics normies, and the mentally stunted...
Raid Denver Air Port.
Legalization of gambling
She’s just a puppet.
Trudeau Foundation? Is it flush like the Clinton Foundation?
l m a o
L O L
TryFG Update: I Need Your Help
Here is a teenager actually doing something to clean up the world, but no Geroge Soros = No UN speech
TRYGF UPDATE: I NEED YOUR HELP
The photographer who took the Epstein suicide photos: William Farrington is actually CIA photographer Roger Farrington
Reddit Is Suffocating “The_Donald.” - We must fight tooth and nail against a world in which dark tech lords like the Reddit administrators can flagrantly manipulate the rules of online engagement to achieve their desired political ends.
The Simpsons PREDICTED THE FUTURE!!!
Just a thought
I’m not sure if Pochantas not being indian is still a conspiracy theory..
The “Deep State” is real, but it’s not “Obama loyalists”
Never forget. And prepare accordingly.
Washington DC’s role behind the scenes in Hollywood goes deeper than you think
What are your thoughts about the tech growth in northern Nevada? Blockchains announces plans to build a smart city.
“Soaked in Bleach: The Podcast” details the mysterious death of Nirvana singer Kurt Cobain
Buffalo September 23rd 2019 mass crowd in a frozen daze?
Everyone is stupid and they don’t realize it.
Breaking: Trump Whistleblower Identified
BBC Documentary, Conspiracy Files: Vaccine Wars
Is the US the ony nation responsible for 9/11?
Just your reminder that in their terms of use, FOX News is described as an Entertainment Company in their terms of use
This is going to be far out so don't judge.
Steven Greer - unacknowledged audiobook
Here Is The Dirt Trump Wanted About The Bidens (And Why Zelensky Doesn't Want To Give It To Him)
The #1 trending video on YouTube is about a McDonald's Wedding in Hong Kong, but mentions of the demonstrations or HK police brutality are nowhere to be found on the trending page
Leader of the nation of Islam louis farrakhan is now a freemason
Dark Journalist: Trump's document dump fuelled the conspiracy theory fire
Louis Farrakhan is now a freemason
Of Killers and Conspiracies
Lesser Know Conspiracies
How did Facebook know my landline tel # contacts?
Was the US the only nation behind 9/11?
What happened to Julian Assange?
The Ex-Conspiracy Theorist
all Luciferian/occultist secrets reveal...
What ever happened to the malfunctioning cameras the FBI was 'investigating' outside of Epstain's cell?
Joe Biden is demanding news companies stop booking Rudy Giuliani after he discussed leaked documents proving his corruption on TV
The sad truth
Will Accomplices Face Justice?
Joe Biden is demanding news companies stop booking Rudy Giuliani after he discussed leaked documents related to his corruption
Will Accomplices Face Justice?
Presidential Witness Intimidation:Trump demands to meet whistleblower, warns of 'Big Consequences'
Whatever happened to the Feds raiding the observatories?
Vatican Pharmacy is the busiest pharmacy in the world. The most requested product is "Hamolind", a remedy for hemorrhoids. Discuss.
Will Accomplices Face Justice?
Which media outlets do you view as credible?
Youth Climate Strike’ Founder is Ilhan Omar’s 16-Year-Old Daughter
The FBI is now protecting an American citizen from the President of the United States
Activists shaming the average consumer over pollution and "climate change" is a con. Go after China, India, and big rig tankers to affect change, not people driving to work and using AC. It's all lies and trying to squeeze the plebs instead of those responsible.
Just a out here question?
When you’re just now realizing you almost got Epstein-ed
Reddit doesn't manipulate "scientific" studies, at all
England's favorite hymn.
Possible False Flag on Seattle Nov 3rd, 2019
Is space real.
The sad truth
(originally posted on r/seattle but here seemed more appropriate) Is Seattle next in line for a 9/11 level, terror attack, on 3/11?
Kanye West's disturbingly realistic music video showing elites in a trance after an orgy.
Former Italian Prime Minister Salvini: "I'm Increasingly Convinced That There Is An Ongoing Attempt Of Ethnic Replacement Of One people With Another People. This Is Not Emergency Migration, But Organized Migration That Aims At Replacing The Italian People With Other Peoples."
More Confirmation Of An Epstein-Maxwell Blackmail Operation
Forensic studies of “Russian hacking” into Democratic National Committee computers last year reveal data was leaked (not hacked)
Terrifying how often this must happen.
Deadly Shooting of Woman Carrying Child Shakes Sweden Awake
EXPLOSIVE REPORT: Rep. Adam Schiff Linked to Prominent Ukrainian Arms Dealer!
Synthetic Telepathy 7 - Identity Crisis
What are your thoughts about the YT channel Edge of Wonder?
Demonic influence through drugs. Can anyone who understands decipher this painting. I was in a trance when i painted it. Not quite possessed. This painting freaks me out every time i look at it. I was told that evil likes to be cryptic, so flip it upside down as well when you try to decipher. Thanks
The circle is bigger than you think
Synthetic Telepathy 7 - Identity Crisis
Advisers to former VP Joe Biden wrote to executives at ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN and Fox News to “demand” that Mr. Giuliani not be invited on the air to discuss Ukraine and President Trump even though we have proof
Ex-Ukrainian PM Says Joe Biden's Son Must Be Investigated
The US Navy confirmed that the UFO videos are real. But did you know that they also confirmed that they are working on UFO technology?
Free conspiracy related documentaries online
Billie Eilish's new Satanic Anthem | The Rational Rise
NSFW Donald Trump likes some really messed up things
Hmmm
The ruling elite don't want you to remember how powerful you really are, how powerful your thoughts are, or how much you can help create peace on Earth.
I want to believe
"Winter is coming" - why was October 31st (Samhain/Halloween) chosen by the Tory government as the date for Brexit?
Harvested alive －10 years investigation of Force Organ Harvesting (China)
American Rapper Gucci Mane Clone
Here’s a weird one. Production company for the NBC show superstore changes their tag line every episode. Here’s one from season 4.
Propaganda children
The ultimate conspiracy theory: Humans are an unnatural abomination/creation.
Why Communism Kills
Top prosecutor SWORE under oath Biden forced Ukraine to fire him | An actual legal document of Shokin's testimony | Not a single reference from MSM to this | Why?
Mind-Bending "Gateway" Inside Your Brain 1/25/17
You have no idea how long you’ve been here. What you think are conspiracies is mostly religious or politically motivated drivel. I will leave you with a few facts that you are not ready to accept or understand.
Trump is using media reports to get Illegal FISA warrants to spy on democrats ahead of 2020 election. Literally using state assets to SPY on political opposition is Fascism.
Dave Chappelle: Sticks &amp; Stones
Theory: HST killed himself after writing a full manifesto about what he seen &amp; knew. Eveything hardly investigated.Maybe Then (manifesto) was taken from the typewriter.HST, thinking it would be found &amp; exposed along with body an make national news?. Maybe he exposed himself &amp; truth?
Send Greta to China to educate them on climate panic
I tried to look for the full date (month and day) of the 18th Annual Young Artist Awards without any success.
Kanye's cover for his new film on his new album "Jesus is King". Hiding in plain sight, Lucifer is his king.
Three shadowy firms: BlackRock, Vanguard and State Street own corporate America (including Apple, Coca Cola, GE and the others).
The U.S. Sent Its Most Advanced Fighter Jets to Blow Up Cheap Opium Labs. Now It's Canceling the Program.
The Gateway Experience: A document on the government's experiments with altered states of consciousness and psychic abilities.
5 Stories The Media Was Afraid To Tell You
From r/news. I fear the war of sides wont end with Trump.
CDCWhistleblower William Thompson Issues Historic Statement
SECRET CLOWN NETWORKS ARE TEARING DOWN THE U.S.A.
WHISTLEBLOWER: Guys, NYT reported whistleblower worked at CIA. These are some CIA profiles. Gender is likely male. Can be any of them. Please investigate.
Just a long list about satanic ritual abuse allegations from all around the world.
How does one follow Q?
Reddit listens to your mic.
Isn't it a private company? Leftists Not so Gung-Ho for Tech Censorship Now that Tik Tok Bans LGBT Content
Are we immersed in a computer game? Who writes the story?
Either Fox News, or a cable television provider is caught flashing a strange, subliminal "Impeach" screen during DVR recording.
Erin Williby a Disney Starlet disappeared in 1997 after she was nominated for the Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a Feature Film - Supporting Young Actress what happened to her?
If you want to see Reddit censorship in real time, check out this page.
I Am Officially Done With Donald Trump. [BlackFace] Picture emerges of Donald Trump with Saudi Arabian Trump Tower Tenants.
Remember that time when the 2017 World EXPO had a presentation about aliens contacting mankind?
Myths and Benefits of Drinking Distilled Water
Was doing chemistry homework and got this as a search result when looking up an equation. There's so many of them and i'm perplexed as to why there is so many all of political and famous figures with red and green dots on them.
The real conspiracy no one is talking about
Finally a big name - Kathy Ireland - coming out about what really happens in the modeling, acting, and sports worlds about pedophilia and abuse in the entertainment industry
French anti-Zionist intellectual sentenced to 2 years Prison, 30,000 Euro fine. Shared a rap video "Gilets jaunes" (Yellow Vests). Features burning of Macron, various media, Rothschilds, elite Jews Jacques Attali, Bernard-Henri Lévy, and Patrick Drahi. Link to the video, info in comments.
Reddit's biggest political sub is astroturfed to the maximum. Reddit knows about it. Reddit is taking actions against it. Reddit just doesn't publicly acknowledge it.
Why didn't Germany warn us about the 9/11 attacks?
Vaping Illness: Vaping deaths and VITAMIN E ACETATE The Media is LYING to You
Today Show Covertly Promoting Pedophilia (kidnapping, rape, fucking children violently) Like it ain't no thang, PLEASE watch this 3mins, PLEASE see the message, PLEASE comment
Trump reportedly worked with 2 'off the books' lawyers to pressure Ukraine for damaging information about Joe Biden, in addition to Giuliani
Might not belong here but I am curious if people consider this an act of "terrorism " as he was charged with
Typhoid Toxin Influences the DNA Repair Mechanism and Causes the Cell to Age Faster
Apparently the photo of Ghislaine Maxwell was photoshopped, ad agency says they never ran ads seen in the background
These people who did their research are voicing their outrage on a vote that will make it harder for kids to skip vaccines.
Watch the second episode
Inspector General letter on whistleblower complaint [PDF]
Could Narendra Modi be The Third Antichrist.
If Innocent Young Children Were "Livestock" to Elite Pedophiles Ring for Sex Pets Trade, and What Would Former US Secretary of Labor, Alexander Acosta and Nicholas Negroponte’s Phnom Penh orphanage and US Foster Care System, Deaf Orphanage in Pope Francis’ backyard Be ? “Livestock” supply chain?
Does anyone know of a good webpage that lists bottled water that doesn’t have fluoride and is safe to drink? Thanks!
At what point can we say the DJT DOJ...
Possible false flag attack at Seattle Date 03.11.2019
A great breakdown of the Trump/Ukrainian scandal by a lawer.
Anyone good at cryptography/decoding? The weird spaces in this Hilary leaked email from a child trafficker leads me to believe it has a hidden code in it.
Fact from Fiction (essay)
NYC makes calling someone an illegal alien punishable with a $250,000 fine. Free Speech is dead.
Donald Trump hitting on Rudy Giuliani in drag with Trump shoving his face into Rudys fake tits. Is there a hidden meaning/message to this video? Why would either of them go along with this? Who wanted to see this? Who made them do this?
MEDIA BLACKOUT! Detective, Joseph "Joe" Recarey Who Led Epstein Investigation Died After “Brief Illness” At 50
Israel and the USA
93% of bottled water tested contained microplastics: Study
All talk no action
George Soros Weed Conspiracy
guys can i get a brief on this epstein case since i dont trust MSM as a source of info.
Google gifts free Google Home Mini for being a YouTube Premium user. People are upset if they don't get it. Brilliant tactics from Google, awful for privacy. Yet another perfect example how greed works better than anything else.
39 democrats voted for the federal reserve act which created the federal reserve. 1 republican votes for it. Democrats have always been the true enemy of the American people and always will ve
Joaquin Castro calls for investigation into whether Jared Kushner shared intelligence that led to Khashoggi killing
So, no one is going to say anything here about what Israel did yesterday?
Trudeau blackface video. But remember kids it's Trump who is racist! If you kiss globalist ass then you're safe.
Susan Rice: Obama Put Call Transcripts On Top Secret Server, Too
Media bias. Enforcing immigration laws is racist, but this video is perfectly okay. It just depends on if suck globalist cock or not.
Imagine how the media would report this is the roles were reversed
I download amazon for the first time..... Then my ad promotions change from education stuff to this?
Trump has a nuke that I think NO ONE is ready for. A person that has been fighting with him and working with him secretly for a long time.
Makes you think
Blackmailing America - Narativ where Truth Lives
Warning: The Iron Maidan has been 1mm close to shutting down
Denmark to ban fluoride in food packaging
food and water are part of a massive conspiracy theory
(Part 2) I hacked a hedge fund CEO's email, he sold options to Eric Trump via offshore company, he's using Bridger Capital to avoid taxes on $160 million in laundered Bitcoins by taking the company public, admits that the stock market is rigged, United Nations General Assembly link
The President Is Not well - Transcript of Remarks by President Trump in Press Conference
UK health minister wants forced vaccinations for all school children in England
Grabs popcorn...
Protestors Spot Agent Provocateurs
Did you know that the Trump administration has requested more money for our spying agencies than any other US President? These agencies include the CIA, NSA, etc.
Shouldn't we see vortex like patterns in the smoke in the WTC videos, from the jet engines?
Why Greta thunberg getting hate from people?
Truth about YOUR LIFE. The biggest conspiracy ever. Everything is designed to keep you away from the ultimate TRUTH which sets you free.
The real reason for the Greta Thunberg and world environmental push in Mainstream Media
[META] Bolton fired, Iran invasion put on back burner, and now we have a manufactured impeachment propaganda campaign from the globalists. Makes you wonder if the Zionists and globalists aren't really on the same team.....
If one were to dedicate their life to the cause of truth and justice, where would one start?
The Truth About Google, Eric Schmidt and China
Would any of you be surprised to learn that every photograph and video you took with your smartphone was also secretly encoded with geotagging information that is legally made available to our government which allows them to know precisely when and where the media was taken, and by whom?
Very Important
New York LAW: Calling Someone An ‘illegal alien’ is banned
Husband of Flight 93 passenger CeeCee Lyles was surprised to get a cell phone call from his wife on 9/11, because, he said, 'cell phones don't work on a plane'
The Stalinist EU plans for vaccine cards linked to passports by 2022, so you will only be allowed freedom of movement IF you've first been poisoned by whatever Merck and GSK have been concocting to disable your immune system and/or induce chronic highly profitable disease.
Constitution and Natural Justice are the only safeguards against absurdity and tyranny
The Stalinist EU plans for vaccine cards linked to passports by 2022, so you will only be allowed freedom of movement IF you've first been poisoned by whatever Merck and GSK have been concocting to disable your immune system and/or induce chronic highly profitable disease.
More Confirmation of an Epstein-Maxwell Blackmail Operation: Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell were not only Israeli intelligence assets, they were entrapping U.S. politicians with minors. If indeed Epstein was “suicided,” the executioners were Israeli.
Question: Have Democrats tried to impeach every Republican president since Ike? According to snopes 5 out of the last 6 Republican presidents have had articles of Impeachment filed against them. This is enough for snopes to warrant this claim *Mostly False*? Wouldn't this make it mostly true?
Alien Research Group That Obtained Exotic UFO Material Won’t Share with ...
Whistle-blower tells police that Prince Andrew was a visitor to Jeffrey Epstein's Paris apartment
Jon Stewart 9/11 Outside Job Cognitive Dissonance Remix - Vintage Youtube Feel with Spicy Upgrades of Intellectualism
Greta Thunberg is a Jew so Jews in Hollywood are promoting her the way they promoted Salk &amp; Eisenstein, both who took the credit for other people's work. FYI Salk didn't receive the Nobel peace prize, three of his co-workers did.
Leaked Pentagon Video Shows Vaccine Designed to Limit Spirituality
Seems like Hunter Biden is fun to party with.
Nice timing...
Greta Thunberg is a Jew so Jews in Hollywood are promoting her the way they promoted Salk &amp; Eisenstein, both who took the credit for other people's work. FYI Salk didn't receive the Nobel peace prize, two of his co-workers did.
The light vs. dark battle going on behind the scenes for control of the Earth. And how you can help!
I think hallucinogens might be a tool to pacify entire population for reasons yet unknown
r/conspiracytheories is always there when I sort by "best" even though I've never browsed that sub. r/conspiracy? Not once.
Anyone want to talk about how reddit has been flooded with anti-climate change shills?
Facebook is completely censored, other social media soon to follow
There are no actual german people on /r/ich_iel/
What did he done this time?
Behold. The weapon that took down the TWIN TOWERS on 911.
The centuries old scheme, to enslave the Hearts and Minds of the Caucasian race
Did reddit just fully switch over to their shitty "new" design layout?
CIA internal report blames Intelligence Reform in Mid-1970's on single aggressive NYT news article. Obvious CIA has since subjugated MSM so demand for reforms never happens again.
National Socialism - The only Ideology to fight against NWO - Why you have been fed lies all your lives about it.
Elon Musk's "Starship" Looks like a penis on a tin-foil hat on meth.
Found this stuck up somewhere... what does it mean?...
The Truth Behind The Lies You Have Been Told About Bitcoin And Cryptocurrencies
I’m here with some early morning right wing propaganda: Trump’s cabinet picks aren’t proof that he’s apart of the “swamp.”
Uyghur Muslims blindfolded and shackled in consentration camp?
The American Civil War II - Ignorance is bliss unless your Real...
Biden, Kerry, Heinz, and Archer Timeline
Senate quickly passes House stopgap spending bill before end of September deadline, sending it to Trump. Removes threat government shutdown derails Dem momentum for Impeachment.
Do you hate Democrats because they're too "liberal" or do you hate Democrats because they're conservatives in sheep's clothing?
Venus home to Extraterrestrial life?
Have people seen the Michael Jackson album cover for Blood on The Dance Floor? It depicts 9/11 and many other Freemason symbols.
Rule #2 is proof that this sub is a scam
Fair is Square! Compilation of Famous/Important Figures that were Murdered in the attack of 9/11. (Interesting symbolism and works inside)
Is Aluminium Chaff (for military radar jamming) the cover story for Stratospheric Aerosol Injection of Aluminium for Geo-Engineering? (As outlined by CIA director John Brennan)
Who profits from the climate change hoax?
Are the Megs still out there
Any Twin Peaks fans here? My theory video on the show is more relevant to this sub than you might imagine. Since the beginning, the show has been full of specific references to the Bohemian Grove. This is part one, and part two is called ‘The Twin Peaks Conspiracy Theory of Everything’
CO2 extremists mention Venus billions of years ago use to be like Earth with water and the likes yet fail to explain how Venus is 1 of 2 planets that counter rotates to all other planets in the solar system and takes ~240 days for a single rotation (Venus Day). Regardless they blame CO2.
Trump's Impeachment Inquiry Exacerbates As Whistleblower Takes Another Bold Step To Revelation
Hong Kong Ritual Killings are about to commence: round 1
Please learn the difference between Satanic and Bad
Interesting
In search of hope, I found a reason to live.
Spanish security company spied on Julian Assange in London for the United States
One should love their country, but fear its government.
To the core of my Soul I know the Matrix has real meaning but it’s way more than just being a simulation, what is the real agenda/secret in The Matrix they never tell you?
Trump Victimized By The Swamp Again
I know in my heart the Matrix movie had serious bombshells of real things about life but what are they?
Saudi state media say king's bodyguard shot in 'dispute'
Ex-rapper exposes satanic music industry
Is there a good book on spiritual warfare?
I'm convinced
Why is this not being talked about? CNN where are you? Fox News? Vise? WTF..
Energy Secretary Rick Perry admits the sanctions on Iran are to hurt the people
This pin is made from unmarked gold and small rubies, but I don’t know anything else about it. Any ideas?
Very very interesting
not a conspiracy but..
Made an album all about conspiracy, boston dynamics, illuminati and more. It's Called 'Panic Attack!' Enjoy.
25 Years Ago Today, Pee-wee Herman Masturbated In A Florida Porno Theater
Liddle Adam Schiff look up Liddle kidz foundation .
similarity between slave traders and big banks/companies
Spider-Man Far From Home Conspiracy ... SPOILER AHEAD!!
This is INSANE
It’s Soros again fermenting trouble !
An observation of r/wholesomememes
Pee Wee Herman was targeted.
Outspoken female rapper calls out Jews running the music industry.
'FBI is involved in Jeffrey Epstein cover-up'
Imagine lowering the amount of mass shooting with proof only to unban assault rifles and increase them again
TIL one of the leaked Hillary Clinton emails has someone named Lewis Amselem mentioning "sacrificing a chicken in the backyard to moloch"
The Elegant Simplicity of the Electric Universe
Remember Isaac Kappy
You know? Hmm? Vape?
David Icke: Fighting The Satanic Death Cult
Why haven't we shut down the CIA?
Shaun Attwood Epstien True Geordie podcast has disappeared.
Would you feel comfortable raising a child in New York after the Epstein debacle?
The Reptile Channel EXPOSED!
"FBI expands Epstein probe; hopes to snare more Prince Andrew accusers."
Heard something weird on public news the other day...
Agenda 2030 and the plan to keep you a slave.
Nationalism is responsible for the biggest threat to mankind
fentanyl is safer than morphine
Russia controls the NRA
Vladimir PUTIN ..... Gregori RasPUTIN
40 cases of whooping cough diagnosed in Santa Clarita (Every single child at this school fully vaccinated)
Mockingbird Media Watch: while the Pentagon armed ISIS, they hacked ISIS
Vaccines and Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma.
Decades old news but what a miracle to actually see it on the front page of reddit!
Any other similar youtube channels to Truthstream Media?
The 'whistleblower' is Ezra Cohen-Watnick, an ex intern for Joe Biden
Hmm
This was deleted twice from reddit's front page.
Meet The Man Behind Greta Thunberg
Does anyone remember that police watchdog who apparently died in a house fire?
How will the latest Trump conflict impact Mossad-CIA relations? - If Trump and the CIA do not trust each other, the Mossad and other US allies may need to reevaluate what information they share with the US.
TIL about Badvolf. A former U.S. Marine and Florida Sheriff, living in Moscow after asylum. He released this press release sometime ago: "Press Release: My Involvement in the Connection Between Prince Andrew and Jeffrey Epstein" Supposedly the FBI seized computers which contained hard evidence.
Mind Control Victim was awarded 1$ Million by Judge. Victim has multiple personality disorder created by pedophiles to turn him into an assassin, drug mule etc.
Vaccination history and risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma
Andrew yang and barack obama dont give a shit about you or America.
Now FBI investigates Prince Andrew’s links to Epstein | News | The Sunday Times
Compare this fake footage to the 911 footage! The 911 footage was faked, and badly done!
Backfiring Already... eye witness Chris Murphy changes original accusation in Trump Ukraine issue
What are some conspiracies that have been proven to be true with undeniable evidence? If a conspiracy is fact, it’s no longer a theory. Let’s spread them.
JFK to 9/11 Everything a Rich Man's Trick
Yo hear me out please
Weird building hidden in preserve. What is this? You can’t see it from the roads, only while hiking.
Remember when (people) were popped for lobbying for Ukraine without FARA registration? Remember when Obama/Biden gave Ukraine [BILLIONS] on behalf of USA? How many times? How much in total? And how much of it funnels back to (lots of people) by way of trusted American lobbyists?
In Minneapolis robberies have increased downtown by 53.8% on one year. A quick Google search tells us it is defiantly not the Somalians that have settled there.
Drain the swamp? Trump has named more lobbyists to Cabinet than Bush or Obama did in 8 years
Project Blue Beam and Spider-Man
Larry Johnson keep Exposing celebrities. This time he goes for SNOOP DOGG.
Boston tARTaria with ARTofDINo.. Thoughts on Our True Past, Art, Purpose... The eARTh biggest conspiracy.. Our Real Ancestors!
test
They won't teach you this at school (keep them poor)
Hillary releases statements before Epstein death.
Any possible explanation of this fuckery?
Any possible explanation of this fuckery?
Read the comments. Are these real hateful people or bots?
Look up steven crowder "change my mind" on youtube, do you see anything off with the results?
Tried to copy and paste Hillary Clinton Wikipedia to the sub. Got rejected.
Saw this on r/trees, they still remember.
The people of the UK voted to leave the EU in 2016...
world now.
Illuminati Doritos Ad
Understanding the pro-Trump agenda being pushed on this sub
What do you guys have to say about the recently found underwater continent? Link below.
I believe that Reddit is manipulating the front-page to highlight white hate crimes, while actively removing and hiding any and all reports of black hate-crimes from the front page, what steps could I take to actually prove this though?
Operation fishbowl
How to know if I am under a form of MK ULTRA Mind control
Russia and China's plan to undermine the US economy and government to seize world power.
Is Hillary on her way back for another show down with Trump?
The Patrice Alègre case
Your thoughts on conspiracy top posts?
Remember: if you like a post don't forget to upvote it.
There Have Been 332 Reported Hate Crimes Against Trump Supporters
Why America wants to buy greenland
An email address doesn't have to be active for a domain to accept the message, so whoever owns gamil.com probably receives millions of wrongly-addressed emails daily. Gamil.com is a suspiciously fake website.
#1 on youtube trending
Database of Publicly Accused Priests in the United States
The Facebook DARPA connection.
IN-SHADOW - A Modern Odyssey - Animated Short Film
What Is Cultural Marxism?
There Is No ‘Surge’ in Right-Wing Violence
Russia's bid to ditch the US dollar is slowly working, but obstacles remain
Even a Based Foreigner knows the score
People who 'microdose' psychedelic drugs for a month say it increases positive emotions and productivity
Need any more proof that communism has taken over the world?
So climate change (science) is a hoax -
I have been shown the "Alien" Invasion to come, because I am the son of The Alien to come and there are 10's of Thousands all over the world of every language and skin color, seeded here thousands of years ago ready to be called to Great Works in The Name of their Alien King at His Command...soon.
Why can a Global Government "never ever ever" be a good thing for the average person?
Can you explain why a Global Government can "never" be a good thing for the average person?
Edward Snowden: Joe Biden Threatened Countries Not To Give Me Asylum
Texans Should Denounce Lyndon
Police Protected Pimp. Columbia, Missouri - YouTube
Looking for a book, by a US marine office about perpetual war.
FBI Agents, 9/11 Families Say Mueller Covered Up Saudi Prince "Bandar Bush" Role in 9/11
Fresno's Chief of Police, who is a known pedophile, animal abuser, and MURDERER, is now being hailed as a "Super Hero" with a creepy statue being built for him and is running for Mayor.. HOW!?
Bug Reincarnation
I can give you the ultimate proof NPC theory is 100% real
A short poem
Ask yourself this: why aren't climate scientists begging to use AI for their models?
The Deep State Hiding in Plain Sight: Bill Moyers w/ Mike Lofgren
No one is going to stop us from talking about Trump's war against the globalists in the conspiracy sub. Get over it.
How to tell the good guys from the bad guys in complex and confusing times.
America is Approaching its Tipping Point
why do Bidens Ukrainian corrupt connections just get a free pass?!
Inhaling Powdered Toad Secretions Just Once Is Linked to Feeling Happier For a Month
CIA assessed Intelligence Reform in the Mid-1970s and determined that single aggressive NYT article was the cause. Obviously CIA neutered MSM so calls for intelligence reform of abuses never happen again.
Politics are grounds for automatic deletion on /r/UnpopularOpinion Don't have an opinion that rejects the hive mind.
Help spread the word about this fake GoFundMePage!
White House concealed Trump calls with Russia, Saudi Arabia: reports
A Reply from Bob Lazar (analysis and enhancement of Bob's original flying saucer video footage)
Watergate Journalist: Barr Preparing To Deliver Proof of 'Deep State Conspiracy'
Kermit the frog did 9/11
What ancient myth is based off the most factual, historical data?
What ancient myth is based off the most factual, historical data?
What conspiracy do we—the public—need the truth to be revealed most critically?
Noone can see my tweets. My account is now gone. My new twitter account is also locked before I could even post. I think I am being censored and hacked.
CIA assessed Intelligence Reform in the Mid-1970s and determined single aggressive NYT article was the cause. Obviously CIA neutered the MSM so it never happens again.
"The Lobby" - Censored by power political groups to prevent it's broadcast in America. "The Lobby" shows how powerful political forces operate in secret to start wars and destroy the lives of anti-war activists on college campuses.
Who was the guy that was lied to by the military about UFO’s?
DB Cooper
When you need your fix of different perspectives/conspiracies where do you go?
[META] I don’t give a shit if you think Donald Trump doesn’t give a shit about me/America. Democrats &amp; Neocons hate him. DC deserves him. Democrats/white liberals are more intolerable than him. Despite the narrative there is more than 1 sides in politics.
Trump trapped by CIA? Volker to Trump: "Talk to him. You should talk with (Zelyy)". Volker also was one who connected Rudy with Zelly. Volker is Ex-CIA. Shades of Mifsud?
CNBC Anchor Who Was at Ground Zero Admits Building 7 Was Brought Down in ‘Controlled Implosion’
Massive Documents Drop Implicating Crimes Of Biden, Soros &amp; Hillary Clinton
Massive Documents Drop Implicating Crimes Of Biden, Soros &amp; Hillary Clinton
Former chief of Army communications at Mar-a-Lago gets probation for lying during child pornography investigation
MSM "Kurt Volker" FlipFlop: The man NYTimes now calls "one of the good ones" is ex-CIA, McCain Crony working for DeepState. CIA fingerprints ALL over this whistleblower report. Why did Trump hire him?
See the bigger picture of discrediting China
Study Shows Massive IQ Decrease in Males with Fluoride: JAMA Pediatrics Journal Editors Stunned
you should probably use reddit enhancement suite to ignore subreddit power users
I'm in what people consider The Mafia, this is unofficial and I am unverified AMA
September Snowblast 2019: Weather Modification out of control
Epstein and the pedophilia traffic ring created a situation where the guilty in power were motivated to fill the headlines with other news and scandals.
Everything.
Time to Eat Your Words, Sec. Mnuchin: Tax Cuts for the Wealthy Didn't Lower Deficit
U.S General Wesley Clark “ The U.S will take out 7 countries in 5 years”
Question about 9/11
Is this too far fetched?
Parallel paradigms--our place in the universe and in the workplace
Look. At. The. Audience.
RNC fundraising?
Why do communists always point to monarchies as examples of their success? For example Bernie pointing to Denmark as an exemplar of socialist values. It's not. It's an example of the stability and successes of monarchism.
Greta - a perfect example of media war between two powerful lobbies
[Meta] Is my post on Jesuit assassinations being censored by Reddit? Shows up in new but not hot.
Is there a list of UK politicians envolved in pedo?
Truth.
Is the fbi forcing reddit to keep the Braincels subreddit up?
The UK is going to absolute pot and the liberal idealists still think that nothing bad is happening. 'No such thing as racism against white people mate, didn't you know?' /s
Did we just cross over into another universe, or since when do they make Oreos that run sideways?
Ancient Martian city, Mars, NASA calls it "Atlantis Chassis"
The Authentic and Complete History of the A.M.O.R.C. (Illuminati and Freemasonry) 3/5
Antarctic - Old Soviet Outpost?
What is the deal with Vaccines? and censoring of youtube.
Has anyone else been watching this Harrison Briggs dude?
Something Classified Was Scheduled at Guantánamo. A Judge Stopped It.
Don't know if this has been asked before so, DAE think that no matter the outcome of the 2020 election that there will be violence somewhere/everywhere?
Top 10 Reasons Why Greta Thunberg Is a Fraud
[5D Chess] Each piece of bait reveals more DeepState Scandal: Dossier-McCain Crony Volker Under Spotlight: “Trump’s envoy to Ukraine is paid by none other than Poroshenko himself”
Beto proves yet again why citizens always need to be Armed
The elite don't want you to know how powerful you really are, how powerful your thoughts are, or how much you can help create peace on Earth.
Just pure curiosity: Are there any conspiracy theories that deal with the revelation of new technology to the public much later than its actual discovery and implementation? I'm interested specifically in REAL technological inventions from the past, not theorized, potential future ones.
Mindcontrol and the Esoteric Deep State
Climate change news nobody is talking about: the earth is getting greener.
Why do the government try and shut down the rave scene?
Who is really calling for a boycott of the Joker movie and why?
Reminder: This sub is compromised
Gratuity System / Tipping
The Purge is a metaphor for healthcare system in the United States
Report: White House hid Trump transcripts with Putin, Saudi royals
The sworn statement by Victor Shokin was requested by Joe DiGenova (Fox News, Trump adviser)
For 20 days straight, the US Federal Reserve has been quietly bailing out banks (again!) -- to the tune of hundreds of USD 1.5 TRILLION of dollars. Is this what Greta™ has been tasked from which to distract us - the MAGA folks, especially?
How Crazy is This?!
Here's an epiphany for you...
Anonymous web browsing for dummies
This Trump ukrainegate scandal is something the radical left are using to try and make Hillary the POTUS
For the last 5 days, the US Federal Reserve has been bailing out banks (again!) -- to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars. Is this what Greta™ has been tasked from which to distract us - the MAGA folks, especially?
Lets clear some things up about Trump and the Deep State.
The Biggest Secret by David Icke: 20 years later.
This one gets out of hand. Cop DEMANDS identification. Citizen repeatedly refuses and is an asshole but well within his rights. (IDENTIFY OR GO TO JAIL)
RBG Dead?
Ukraine, etc corruption
The cancer industry won't find a cure, since they're too busy making money
Climate change is a hoax! Stop believing the politicians and look at facts.
The actual Trump Ukraine Telephone Call transcript
Greta Thunberg, hero or useful poster kid?
Qanon: The Dark Querent
Connecticut Rabbi Guilty in Sex Abuse of Student
I have been banned from /r/Quebec just because I posted this article. This is the reason why you only hear the supporters, because anybody asking questions about her handlers is banned, silenced or downvoted by bots
Senators disclose that there might be a Space threat over our heads, Aliens ?
The best proofs that could indicate us that there might an Alien treath over our Heads.
Is it my cake day?
Donald Trump doesn’t give a shit about you or America.
Lest you forgot the world is run by elite pedophiles who rape, murder, and in some cases eat children for both sexual satisfaction and occult rituals. But nothing is habbening.....
5g is the 7th gen protocol
Intel Community Quietly Scrapped Whistleblower Requirement for "First-Hand Knowledge": Federal records show that the intelligence community secretly revised the formal whistleblower complaint form in August 2019 to eliminate the requirement of direct, first-hand knowledge of wrongdoing.
Top Venezuelan coup official is forced to resign: After The Grayzone published an exposé of Guaidó appointee Ricardo Hausmann’s hypocritical financial practices, he was forced to resign from the Inter-American Development Bank, in the latest blow to the failing US-led coup attempt.
The real reason the elites are pushing climate change. (Witch submission statement this time)
We live in a simulation? Computer Scientist here.
Bat Boy Lives!
US Troops and Tanks Headed to Lithuania for "Extended Mission" to "deter" Russia: You know the "resistance" against Trump is toothless because it completely ignores the criminal and genocidal military industrial complex.
Minimum wage laws to further globalist agenda?
Trump told Russian officials in 2017 he wasn’t concerned about Moscow’s interference in U.S. election
Was Judas Thomas the real strategist behind the Roman-Jewish revolt of which the influence of Jesus was secondary in nature?
TRANSformers... So many subtle messages... I can't even.. I literally can't even.
Danish timetraveler = Proof that time travel exists?
Fascinating interview with Johnheretohelp must hear...
Two retired professors of structural engineering, Jörg Schneider and Hugo Bachmann, said in 2006 that WTC 7 was 'with great probability' demolished with explosives on 9/11
The MSM is 50% right leaning
This is why the elites are pushing climate change
The plan to save the world, Patriots.
The Jesuits assassinated Kings Henry IV and Henry III of France
St. Louis Archbishop Didn't Know Sex With Children Was a Crime
My post about how Pedophiles rule the world has been removed from this sub because it didnt contain a submission statement. I believe the statement couldn't have been more clear. Looks like pedophiles run this sub too.
The impeachment is about ensuring RBG's replacement is not appointed by Trump
Danske Bank Executive Ensnared in Money-Laundering Scandal Found Dead
They are doctors, priests, teachers, politicians. Going back all the way to the Romans and ancient Greece. The twisted and perverted global elites have used children for sexual pleasure and they have been doing it for thousands of years.
Warning: The upcoming purge in Hong Kong is an indiscriminate purge. Do not think you are scot free even if you are pro democracy or born in Hong Kong.
The Sex Abuse of Deaf Orphans in Pope Francis’ Backyard
I am CIAnon. This is our second strike against evil C-A coup.
Why do some posts on here get thousands of upvotes and other posts don't have any even if they have a ton of comments?
Danske Bank Executive Ensnared in Money-Laundering Scandal Found Dead
Rubber Tires blood Money
The BRINKMAN Grill
In 1957 they knew not to vaccinate children with eczema and to keep the recently vaccinated away from them. How things have changed!
Gore Vidal vs William Buckley Republican Convention 1968
If we are really in a climate crisis that was brought about by CO2, then why are police officers all driving 8 cylinder gas guzzlers?
Standard LED Light Powered by Human Bio-Energy
WTF is going on!!
Trump has plausible deniability
I’m curious, what’s this sub’s view on cryptocurrency?
Mike Pence is the Trump whistle blower. He and Trump don't get along, there's be some chatter about dropping him from the 2020 ticket, and if the Senate brings impeachment to a vote Pence would be the one to break a tie in his own favor.
Take care of yourself while researching conspiracies
Forgotten People, Forgotten Streets.
Reddit Doesn't Care About Islamaphobia While They Are Not Allow Lightly Criticism to Jews
Nancy Pelosi explains 'wrap-up smear' tactic
Does anybody have any less known theories about September 11th?
Intel Community Quietly Scrapped Requirement For "First-Hand Knowledge" Before CIA 'Rumorblower' Relied On Hearsay
500 international scientists and professionals declare "THERE IS NO CLIMATE EMERGENCY"
AFP Article Proves Hunter Biden's Billionaire Zionist Employer In Ukraine Was The Chief Financier of the Ukrainian Nazi Battalions
Honestly, what problem is 5G even supposed to be solving?
Does anyone else here believe the world government already exists?
Greta Thundercunt is a Clown
How democrats use smear tactics to give media their soundbites, and then use those soundbites to reaffirm the smear
The secret server is legal
The Forgotten (2004)
Hmmm, Does This Explain D.B. Cooper's Identity?
Don't let 'em get in your head, they try to probe you Figure your thoughts so they can try and control you And through you, control your whole crew It's psychology - Dead Prez https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbRRSDl9JAk
Have you ever seen your phone in a dream?
Why are so well known people dying so frequently?
Read this article. Only a few *certain peope* are responsible for the rise of LGBT and sexual degeneracy.
Amazing hook by "Dead Prez"
How do I become blue-pilled again?
Guys racism needs to stop, like seriously just stop being racist
https://docs.google.com/document/d/17WJ3ms3Dz31kfHSy4h5aBip9Elyem2vtgwOKGfSOsz0/edit
In a similar fashion why are, we supposed to believe what the media tells us to believe?
For The Climate Alarmist And The People Who Fall For It
Dead Babies in a ceiling? This is from late 2018, from Rob Gavagan
Israeli murderers are called commandos, Arab commandos are called terrorists - George Carlin
Spanish security firm spied on Julian Assange in the Ecuadorian embassy for US intelligence
TIL Einstein proposed traversable wormholes could exist 85 years ago, but the concept has since been dismissed by many scientists as sci-fi mumbo jumbo.
We so close to fulfilling our purpose as a species
Ah reddit and alternative history.
The question is who is Lucifer?
Greta and climate articles are in full swing.. Prince Andrew is still a molester though
The Ukraine scandal has been perfectly articulated to allow Trump to embarrass Democrats and secure the 2020 election.
Why are democrats against voter id?
What are some of the strangest alien conspiracy theories out there?
From the Biden video
Do the impossible and earn $10,000
Any good videos on the hollow earth theory? Don’t believe in it but love the videos😂
Twitter’s New Censorship: Hiding Replies
Trump needs to organize some sort of military conflict if he intends on surviving this debacle...
Who are the individuals/families that hold the most wealth in the world, if it's legally or illegally?
I've just learned about this, but I don't speak legalese...
I've just learned about this, but I don't speak Legalese.
Flight 23 was supposed to hit tower 7.
[removed]
Myron Fagen exposes the CFR and illuminati over 50 years ago
Hong Kong hasn’t been on the front page of r/all lately
Ben Shaprio discovered something about the Trump/Ucraine whistleblower that puts her or his credibillity under serious doubt.
Trump administration deliberates block on all US investments in China
Ben Shapiro uncovers Adam Schiff using Trump/Ucraine "whistleblower" as Sockpuppet?
NASA seemingly implying that India lander crash was a hoax?
Safety position can cause death
The Ukraine Timeline Shows Trump Is Lying
“I’m not a conspiracy theorist, but-“
Off my chest: I don't really know what to title this.
Almost all truthers or “conspiracy theorists” do some kind of drug. At the very least weed but most also do opiates, psychedelics, and stimulants.
Joe Biden absolutely threatened to withhold money from Ukraine because of his son's shady dealings.
What's this? We have to go deeper
Here is an unverified run down, from a Washington source, of the situation in the war against the deep state and the expected timeline of events to unfold over the next year.
Freemason symbolism
There is a VERY flagrant pedophile symbol in Matt Groenig's new Netflix show, Disenchantment
The guy who hired Otto Skorzeny for the JFK Assassination was named Harold Arrowsmith. He lived on Gibson Island with the rest of the conspirators, like Bob Mueller's Father, Godfrey Rockefeller and Senator Symington. Just saying.
Another one that didn't get much press was that boat fire that killed 35 people
Emergency BroadCast System
This is starting to look like sabotage. Same thing with kratom and countless synthetic drugs right before they were made illegal. I haven't looked but I would guess that feel good pill sales have dropped significantly since cannabis is reintroduced to consumers.
File under WTF: Army officer at Mar-a-Lago uploaded suspected child porn to Russian website
I think someone’s manipulating these Greta posts
Spiritual Warfare And Targeted Individuals Is There Really Such Thing? The Christian View
My internet was out when i got home and i couldn't game tonight, so I'm partying in a different way! Happy friday!
Silence criticism with sponsored content.
There are no whistle blowers in the CIA....
I’m not mad at Greta Thunberg
And you thought you had freedom of speech!!
Whistle blower has lawyers ?
Fun Fact: In the year 732, Tzitzak (baptised Irene) was a Khazar princess, the daughter of khagan Bihar, who became empress by marriage to Roman Emperor Constantine V. The family ruled for hundreds of years until the fall of Constantinople in 1204. TIL the Roman and Khazar ruling classes mixed.
Tell me all you know about this Antarctica shit
TI and Alex Jones
Don’t believe in chem trails?- explain this..
Help join the light forces! Some information on the current light vs. dark situation on Earth. And how you can help!
Anyone else remember Roy from Siegfried and Roy dying from the tiger attack?
So does anybody else notice this sub is turning in to r/politics?
Diet Coke breeds genius? I dunno Bill Gates.
Memes are flooding this subreddit and ruining the quality of posts.
Fun Fact: Tzitzak (baptised Irene) was a Khazar princess, the daughter of khagan Bihar, who became empress by marriage to Roman Emperor Constantine V. TIL the Roman and Khazar ruling classes mixed.
WikiLeaks Exposes How Council on Foreign Relations Controls Most All Mainstream Media
Honk Honk
All the sudden I’m unsubbed from the Tulsi Gabbard subreddit and it won’t let me rejoin... if I hit join just gives me option to “leave”.
George Soros, Bill &amp; Melinda Gates, Sonny Bono all funding Greta Thunberg's coach Luisa Neubauer's lobbying organisation "One Foundation"
Old Buddhist video of levitating boulders with large trumpets
A U.S. Army official formerly in charge of all White House communications at Mar-a-Lago was sentenced to three years of probation on Friday after he made false statements to a federal agent during a child pornography investigation.
Trump told Russian officials in 2017 he wasn’t concerned about Moscow’s interference in U.S. election
ALEX JONES (Full Show) Friday - 9/27/19 (Talks CIA, Trump, Ukraine, Biden &amp; MORE!)
BREAKING: Whistleblower is CIA Officer 'Detailed to Work at White House' - And Has Since Returned to the CIA
Army officer at Mar-a-Lago accessed Russian child-porn website | Miami Herald
Billie Eilish's new Satanic Anthem
David Wilcock on Epstein's Death
Adam Schiff another pedophile who goes to Haiti to traffic kids
NRA Was 'Foreign Asset' To Russia Ahead of 2016, New Senate Report Reveals
"Epstein’s butler dishes on Paris pad guests including Bill Gates, Steve Bannon"
If the world's elite really believed in climate change, they'd have killed millions of people long ago to end it
So Reddit is just ok with selling drugs? There’s a whole subreddit for these I don’t get how this is allowed, maybe not a huge conspiracy but this seems pretty fucked up
Supreme Court and impeachment trials
"Whistleblower" from the CIA? Impeachment?
It is obvious there were legislative plans to respond to the contaminated THC cartomisers and attack nicotine vapour ...therefore:
Listen up. We're done for.
NASA seemingly implying that India’s lander was a hoax
Who Greta may really be, and why your daughter can't be the next Greta
EX AREA 51 WORKER DIES AFTER REVEALING IMAGES
Squidward's Suicide Cannon?
Sturgill Simpson former Navy seal and County album of the year comes out with new netflix animated film/album full of conspiracies about nuclear war and propaganda in the world.
United States Office of War Information
This comment in r/politics got shilled harder and faster than any comment I have ever posted in there. One must question why the shills and bots who frequent that sub would be so upset by such an innocent comment
Top Secret Government Construction Contracts
TOP SECRET GOVERNMENT CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS
The Litany Against Fear
Vaping Illness: Vaping deaths and VITAMIN E ACETATE The Media is LYING to you
New information into death of DNC Process Server Shawn Lucas who died shortly after Seth Rich
OPUS 175 CIA attempted Coup - Steve Pieczenik
I read of a conspiracy in a thread on this subreddit about an unheard of country that was the largest country during the 18th century. I can’t find the thread. Does anyone have the link or the name of the country?
OPUS 175 CIA attempted Coup
Wisconsin's Unknown Ancient Structure
The chances of anyone being able to help is slim but...
The family of the CORONER speaks-out in a tell-all documentary that reveals truth of Andrew Breitbart's death
My fellow Truthers.. what's the one conspiracy theory that just really gets you going?
Tulsi Gabbard on Twitter: "My brothers and sisters in uniform took an oath to support and defend our Constitution and the American people, not the theocratic dictatorship Saudi Arabia which supports al-Qaeda and spreads the ideology of radical Islamist jihad around the world."
Poll results are predetermined. Confessions of a poll taker.
(New Mandela effect?)We can regenerate! Researchers reveal our ribs regrow if damaged
Pedophilia needs to stop
Mods of Reddit choose which comments are the Top Comments
😵😵😪
The veil is thin in some places...
This is fucking crazy. Comments disabled of course. Social media sucks. Operation Gladio has come home.
Your 3rd Eye is Closed and a Veil is Placed Over It. These 3 Books will help you Open it Again
Antidepressant Use Associated With More Violent Suicide Attempts
Kind of a creepy way to put it.
With an Executive Order (EO) Donald Trump orders a 5-year Flu Vaccine Task Force to "to promote the use of vaccines"
CENSORSHIP: Youtube cuts all 9/26 Hannity Show videos to 2 seconds long
Intel Community Secretly Gutted Requirement Of First-Hand Whistleblower Knowledge
The tobacco industry is pushing pro e-cigarette propaganda on the internet because flavored e-cigarettes act as a gateway drug to big tobacco cigarettes
Welcome to Parkland- (The Whole Hogg) Extensive Evidence of Student Actors, Planned Drills and Anomalies in Official Narrative
Wasn’t sure where to post this. (sorry if it doesn’t belong here). Literal communist propaganda on Reddit, can you even begin to imagine if far -right ads were being posted?
These users have had multiple “top of this month” posts in r/worldpolitics.
This Trump-Biden scandal is a triple layered conspiracy. Where there are no good guys and no victims. These are both corrupt dudes who have at different times expressed different political stances. They're not Dem or Rep, they're both opportunists and neither should be defended. Explanation below.
The Influx of Gold and Silver on this Sub
There's no evidence for Trump's Biden-Ukraine accusations. What really happened?
The Bigger Picture - Exposing the "Order From Chaos" Agenda of the Ruling Elite: I Pet Goat II, Super Bowl 53, False Flags and Illuminati Elite Rituals
Intel Community Secretly Nixed Whistleblower Demand Of First-Hand Info
Pompeo subpoenaed for 2.5 years of docs for an issue that happened a couple of months ago.( Good thing Eric holder proved you could ignore those and nothing happened, eh Dems ?
3 house committees subpoena Pompeo for docs going back to 2017. (Good thing Eric hold proved you could ignore them and nothing hapoen, eh dems?)
9/11 Flight Attendant CeeCee Lyles Called Husband Lorne Lyles from United Flight 93 on a Cell Phone?
who da FOOK IS THIS
Something Most People Don’t Know About MH17……Ukrainian Gov’t Claims Radars Were Not Operational
Unnamed Whistleblowers shouldn’t be trusted especially when the NYT is offering to sell the identity of this person.
Does anyone have a link to the David Hogg video proving he’s older than he says and from California? I need the proof for an instagram conversation.
The Bezos family made 3 fortunes before the Amazon Bonanza, some people finally took a look at his background and it turns out his grandfather LP Gise is from the Cattle King Family in Texas (#1), who collected Royalties from the Rockefellers (#2), and sold Uranium mining rights for windfall (#3).
Could this be true???
Trump doubles, triples, quadruples down.
NRA Was 'Foreign Asset' To Russia Ahead of 2016, New Senate Report Reveals
Real Area 51
Trump bad
As they prepare to impeach, we are witnessing the deep state bet the farm on its survival, no plan B.
Increased military helicopter activity.
Elizabeth Warren BAAL ARCH OF BAEL Ya'll are still asleep. Not one of you "WOKE" B'Cuz you don't see what's right in your FACE
Smart/Clever conspirators of Reddit, I have a question about CERN. What is your perspective?
BREAKING: The intelligence community secretly eliminated a requirement that whistleblower complaints contain only direct, first-hand knowledge of wrongdoing allegations. A new version of the complaint form allowing hearsay was secretly revised last month.
Huey Long on the difference between Democrats and Republicans (YouTube 1m)
Control People By Controlling Language ---- New York City bans calling someone an 'illegal alien' -- $250,000 fine
Greta Thunberg sings Swedish Death Metal
People are so fixated on America's past with slavery, they ignore the fact that it's happening right now in Africa
If you've ever wondered how to play the Illuminati card game like me, this is a good intro
UK military involved in protecting the Saudi Royal Family in a deal worth £2bn
Mold [spider] poison in a brotherhood is a healthy sleep Dashmlny!
Crowdstrike Holdings (CRWD) stock price down significantly again today. Surely just typical market fluctuations and nothing to do with Trump/Zelensky phone call mention of Crowdstrike.
Top 10 Reasons Why Greta Thunberg Is a Fraud
PRI: How sex traffickers use modeling contracts to lure young women
Sworn Statement of Ukraine Presecutor General Viktor Shokin that He Was Forced out of Office by US VP Joe Biden
What’s your goal? Why do you do this? Why bother? And what’s an achievable end?
AppleTV knows when I go to bed?!
U.S. Drones 30 Pine Nut Farmers In Afghanistan
I feel like this is one of the only subs I can have an actual conversation about politics on reddit.
Conspiracy in Song: Mike &amp; The Mechanics - "Silent Running"
Nevada Utah desert Mysterious Nazca/Suburban Town Planning Patterns
The Zionist Jews who run Israel have made it their life's passion to do everything they possibly can to punish the Palestinians for not being Jews, and for living on land which the Zionist Jews want exclusively for themselves. On September 26 they cancelled a Palestinian football (soccer) contest.
Sleuths find that DNI Office of Inspector General changed Disclosure of Urgent Concern Form on Sept 25, 2019 to permit submission of second-hand material. Previous form version only first-hand knowledge was permitted. Very strange.
In some parts of the world I dont think climate change is the biggest issue. WTF
Giant planet discovery bewilders astronomers
Tulsi
in the uk building society’s have to deposit their money in banks
The FBI has released a 748-page document on Roy Cohn who was sexually blackmailing powerful people well before we ever knew who covert CIA asset Jeffrey Epstein was
It is now illegal to refer to someone as an “Illegal Alien” in NYC-or face a 250,000 fine
Spanish security company spied on Julian Assange in London for the United States
ADL used this as an example in their recent report on “right wing terror linked to white supremacy”
The sudden proliferation of *ostensible* incest porn is a play to tarnish everyone's search history, for potential blackmail or extortion purposes.
Charles harrellson has been wiped from YouTube, Netflix, amazon prime. It used to easy to find his admission to shooting at jfk. Someone please send a link
Joseph Wilson, Who Challenged Iraq War Narrative, Dies at 69
The Story Of How We Gave Earth To The Darkones
WikiLeaks Exposes How Council on Foreign Relations Controls Most All Mainstream Media
!!! CIA Assets Added To Board With Hunter Biden After VP Had Ukrainian Prosecutor Fired !!!
White House admits Trump's Ukraine phone call record was moved to secret server
Somebody please read...
27 of 45 Communist (Zionist) Goals of Taking Over America Have Already Been Achieved
Shill list (rough outline)
A little while before the Area 51 raid news agencies told us that it was cancelled. Maybe the government told them to tell us that because, if we did actually raid it, they couldnt have been able to stop us.
The Wealthy in Florence Today Are the Same Families as 600 Years Ago
Apparently pedophiles with good grades are allowed to roam freely in Singapore.
There is no Deep State? In 2016 the Obama Admin pressured Ukrainian officials to reopen a dormant investigation against Manafort (to damage Trump) in 2019 Trump asked officials to reopen a case (Biden bragged that he got a Ukrainian prosecutor fired for investigating his son), Impeachment!
Decline of White Working Class in U.S. Spells Trouble for Trump
Found this in a friends house
Brainwashing a better world and starting young: A creative writing excersize.
Tests show bootleg marijuana vapes tainted with hydrogen cyanide. So cia or FBI? Who dun it?
Why defend Trump of all men?
Former Congressman Exposes the ADL
What did he done this time?
A different sort of "Inconvenient Truth"
A different sort of "Inconvenient Truth"
There is no Deep State? In 2016 the Obama Admin pressured Ukrainian officials to reopen a dormant investigation against Manafort (to damage Trump) in 2019 Trump asked officials to reopen a case (Biden bragged that he got a Ukrainian prosecutor fired for investigating his son), Impeachment!
UNITED NATIONS (AP) _ A senior U.N. environmental official says entire nations could be wiped off the face of the Earth by rising sea levels if the global warming trend is not reversed by the year 2000.
Just a pic of one of the buildings on Plum Island, CT. Check out all the exhaust ports on the roof.
If you were given a choice between..
Rapper Tom MacDonald just dropped something deep about cloning celebrities. I thought the song title was just metaphorical until I listened.
*shifty eyes*
just thought of this... make of it what you will...
That's it. This subreddit is dead.
Cannabis research pioneer hopes latest discovery is not overlooked — again. Decades after Raphael Mechoulam linked CBD with treating epilepsy, his latest finding may help develop new cannabis based drugs for treating psoriasis, arthritis and anxiety
Has any one noticed random pop-ups after clicking around on Google?
Don't forget about Botham Jean. Violently murdered for the crime of sitting on his home eating ice cream and watching TV
An artist™ in German has created a "house", that she built with banned books! There's only one catch....
"I have told you that the spirits of darkness are going to inspire their human hosts, in whom they will be dwelling, to find a vaccine that will drive all inclination towards spirituality out of people's souls when they are still very young." Rudolf Steiner (1917)
William Barr Hit a New Low in His Crusade to Bury the Whistleblower Complaint
What Greta Thunberg’s handlers won’t tell you
Ukrainian company Burisma partnered with the Atlantic Council in 2017, whose board includes Evelyn Farkas (Obama DASD for Ukraine), Victor Pinchuk ($25M donor to Clinton Foundation) and George Kurtz, CEO of Crowdstrike (who blamed Russia for hacking Clinton servers)
We are all on the same side.
further exposure of exposing isis funding and what the US media doesn't cover! How far will this escalate?
For a year, the sun in the sky writes out the figure eight
Looks like we have a leak. The President watching a golden shower
Tests show bootleg marijuana vapes tainted with hydrogen cyanide
How Trump Pushed Ukraine’s President to Probe Conspiracy Theories About Democrats
MoA - Trump Pushed Ukraine's President To Investigate Issues Of U.S. Public Interest. Moon of Alabama. Hunter Biden, Joe Biden's son, all of a sudden started receiving 50k USD per month, with no knowledge of Ukraine or the natural gas business, from a Ukie gas company. Hillary Clinton hypocrisy.
Climate Hysteria Is Damaging Children: Green catastrophism is a never-ending story. Green activists try to scare people into submission, and the youngest and most ignorant are always the most vulnerable, as they are conditioned to falsely believe that the world is heading for mass extinction.
Assassinations just prior to key political events, such as referendums- any patterns?
The earth is still fucked innit
Alexandra Chalupa reaches out to Adam Schiff on twitter
Reality Checking California's New Vaccine Law: The new law bans medical exemptions for vaccines and puts thousands of children in harms way. It prevents doctors from exempting children who could have life-threatening reactions to vaccines.
"True building implosions" are "by far the trickiest type of explosive demolition," which "only a handful of blasting companies in the world" have the skill to perform, yet WTC 7 supposedly collapsed this way spontaneously due to fire on 9/11
Main Promoter of Russia Hoax Buzzfeed calls Ukraine transcript reference to Crowdstrike "A Russian-Promoted 4chan Conspiracy Theory"
Instagram Secretly Recording Users to Give Targeted Ads and Possibly Other Sinister Motives
Theory about Alternate Dimensions
Evidence That Points To Egyptian Pharaohs Being Aliens | YouTube
Crowdstrike - Firm that Claimed 'Russia Hacked' the US and the Ukraine - Is Now Under President Trump's Radar
Is Reddit full of shills?
We're there ever 'tough but fair' interviewers that politicians actually had to sit down and answer uncomfortable questions for?
-META- Gretta, and Your brain damage
Something's off... Have any of you noticed that not one single shill hive has been outed to the point of naming names, since the chans uncovered the ShareBlue incels in like early early 2016?
They are sliding this sub people
No Charges For Off-Duty LAPD Officer who murdered a mentally disabled man in Costco by shooting him in the back 3 times while running away. He also shot both of his parents a total of 10 shots. Officer was able to view the security footage the next day before making an official statement.
Question: With all the disinformation and blatant propaganda by ALL media can there ever really be accountability in journalism?
Thee BBC seem to do a daily piece about how great Saudi Arabia is. Here's todays. Let's all give money as tourists to this brutal regime! So progressive.
BREAKING: A large cache of confidential foreign documents have just been leaked implicating Joe Biden, George Soros, Hillary Clinton and Joseph Misfud's collusion and possible criminal activity in Ukraine.
Harvard law professor: Throw out lawsuit by Epstein accuser
Can Someone ELI5 how Greta Thurnberg can be BOTH a puppet of the Big Oil/Big Government but ALSO somehow a puppet of the Soros/Leftist/Deep State?
I can’t seem to click on the article from CNN alleging Biden being suspicious and skeptical of the 2009 Iran election - which elected a reformer Moussavi
Crazy symbolism, while checking hotels in Boston
Ministry of truth
Two other whistleblowers worth celebrating. Assange Snowden One, in exile in Russia. One, we are murdering slowly in jail.
John Mark Dougan has a trove of data about the Epstein case.
For those of you who think the Epstein thing is being completely brushed under the rug. CNN says hello.
Ukrainian General: "Ukraine is under Zionist occupation."
Now that attention is back on Ukraine...
So has anybody else heard of the “getupside” app?
Did CIA use LSD to create Charles Manson’s madness?
Dominican Republic Murders/Deaths
People are AstroTurfing to make it seem like anyone who supports Greta or Climate Change are total pieces of shit. Not the first I’ve seen replies like this, but this one is blowing up.
Is Adam Schiff involved with child trafficking rings? Is that why Trump referred to him as "Liddle" Schiff?
The Savings and Loan Banking Crisis: George Bush, the CIA, and Organized Crime
Is Adam Schiff involved with child trafficking rings? Is that why Trump referred to him as "Liddle" Schiff?
Bernie Sanders' office evacuated over suspicious package, police say
Justin Bieber Caught 'Shapeshifting' By Hundreds Of Fans
The messageboard 8chan is going to be shutdown forever. Who paid for this?
Neuroscientist with new warning for people who cook with oils like corn and canola
Biden is finished
Let's play a game! Can we guess the actual talking points that are given out to shareblue or whoever is trying to derail this sub?
Doctors took a newborn baby from her parents after they refused a vitamin K shot for her. Now the couple is suing the hospital and DCFS.
Gigantic &amp; Mysterious Patterns Found in Chinese Desert
Massive new leak of secret memos and emails show Biden bribing the Ukraine with a billion dollars, and George Soros arranged the meeting... and much more!
With all these whistles blowing.... +rant
How Simpsons PREDICTED the Futures?
Can it be that Ranitidine being suddenly labelled Cancer causing a way of promoting more expensive substitutes by the Pharma companies?
Interesting
David Wilcock - Antarctica Mystery Solved
Update: Democrat mega donor Ed Buck ordered held in Los Angeles jail until end of federal drug case.
Donald Trump was spotted on closed meeting with long lost Satoshi Nakamoto
These movies are what we need for our troubled times
Clinton Brands Trump ‘Illegitimate President’ &amp; ‘Corrupt Human Tornado’ Amid Impeachment Inquiry
Ashton Kutcher acknowledges having a facial recognition app on his phone that can show exactly who someone is and what internet accounts you are linked to
Greta Thunberg is creepy, why does she remind me of the main character in the movie “the orphan” with the aging disorder. The whole thing is weird to me
Against the grain
Denver International airport
[meta] 2019
This might be what started the political craziness at the end of 2017 that lasted until this day.
That time a bunch of jews got together to end David Icke's speaking tour because "there exists an unimaginably evil, selfish, hate-driven group of fuggin space lizards who are responsible for most of the world's evils" sounds just a bit too much like the proclivities of jews lmao
They are lying.
Now that it's mainstream that Rudy Giuliani is a moronic criminal, can we start talking about his involvement in 9/11 again?
This place is full of shills now what happened?
Pencilneck believed hillbillies hanging outside Subway at 3 am with bleach and nooses—during the coldest recorded blizzard night in Chicago history—actually recognized Jussie and attempted to lynch him, only to be smacked down with sandwich in hand, all the while never spilling his tomato bisque!
Looks like John Solomon dropped the Biden Bombshell. Safe the documents and spread them patriots!
Eyes Wide Shut Demystified - Rituals of the Elite or HOW DID "GOD" WANT TRUMP TO BECOME PRESIDENT
Follow the money: After Hunter Biden was appointed to Burisma Holdings BoD the IMF gave Ukraine $17 billion. Meet the last 3 Managing Director’s of the IMF... Convicted of negligence/corruption, sexual assault, &amp; money laundering.
Dr Joseph P Farrell: "U.S. military intervention in Iraq and Syria, and US-sponsored "Arab spring" in Egypt, has at its deepest and most covert reason, the control of sites of antiquities, and a quest, perhaps, to discover information about lost, ancient high technology".
Our magnetosphere is weakening. Thing are only going to get worst heading into solar cycle 25.
Joker movie false flag shooting I planned for release.
Defending Greedy Companies in This Conspiracy Subreddit?
If Israel's military is allegedly better off without US military aid, then what is the Israeli lobby's ultimate goal in doing all this corruption in the US?
Israel &amp; Pals Arming, Training Ukraine Neo-Nazis
Your cat may be an alien!
Facebook partners with neocon think tank Atlantic Council to help use censorship to push a pro war agenda
The Trump Biden thing right now.
They are basically flat out making rolling disclosures daily. Only when the jig is about up, do you reveal your hand.
A chart on who to trust
Manufacturing Consent is real. I never understood Manufacturing Consent until seeing the blatant fictional sound bites of the media and Schiff today in regards to the transcript/memo.
[Meta] There are three threads about Greta Thunberg in the top 10 right now. For the last two weeks, a thread about her has been on top or in the top ten almost every single day. Nobody else finds this odd?
Sigma Pi Phi (The Boule) is a Black Greek organization used to keep Black Americans in a low level in society
Was Phil Schneider "suicided" for what he knew about deep underground military bases?
Youtube Alternatives
13 days. International pedophilia ring &lt; vaping. Distraction game on point
Who Controls America's News?
Be silent or prepare for consequences - There is a silencing that pervades U.S. politics and its mainstream echoing media chamber. With certain issues there is an automatic suppression of taboo subject matter, dissenting ideas and of critical thinking individuals. The systematically disappeared.
After I read a monologue
Fox News: Trump's in Deep Shit (paraphrasing)
Not sure if a repost.. sent to me.
Private security abusing application process to draft people into the military. also ties into government gangstalking and doctoring quotas
Will people wake up? When will be the fall of America?
A question about the whole vaping situation-
Deutsche Bank about to collapse?
Comments calling out shills on /r/politics gets removed without notification
Joe Biden is going to jail
Jewish Idea Molded The Federal Reserve - Dearborn Independent Article From June 1921 Reveals Zionist Bankers Behind Setting Up The US Federal Reserve System
"All gas no brakes" Author A.T. Callaghan investigates the mystery behind area 51. See for yourself the characters behind the raid of Area 51.
What is it with drawing and displaying queer behavior?
Since its a hot topic. Can I get a rundown of where you think Climate Change rates
T.I. and Alex Jones Debate Donald Trump
Steven Greer
Could this be the One world government and religion?
Breaking! John Soloman Post's Documents Implicating Hunter Biden and Soros
Feds Can’t Censor: Ask Big Tech to Do it For Them
[Video] Xiaomi trolling flat earthers in it's new phone ad :-)
Paper ballots favored Bernie, electronic favored Hillary
The Jewish Idea in American Monetary Affairs - Dearborn Independent Article From 1921 Exposes Paul Warburg and the Rothschild Zionist Bankers That Established The US Federal Reserve System
It appears a new infection has caught the minds of a few of our conspirators, so I decided to create a little something for those who have this particular affliction;
Interesting audio on the reported whistleblower
Reminder of why the people should never surrender their 2nd amendment rights.
Opioid epidemic kills 70k Americans a year and big bad pharma gets blamed. Caring parents question side effects and testing methods of same pharmaceutical companies when it comes to vaccines and are labeled “antivaxers.” Who’s Truly the ignorant one?!
Something different: dude on YouTube has uploaded 703 videos consecutive every few hours talking about being tortured and stuff. Maybe something interesting?
Dump of docs *proving* Biden's collusion!
DUMP OF DOCS SHOWING BIDEN COLLUSION WITH UKRAINE!
Same goes for Syria and North Korea as well
The Obama admin used taxpayer backed IMF loans to launder $ through Hunter Biden Ukraine co. Burisma Holdings/Privatbank. The scam may go back to G. W. Bush admin. Privatbank owner Ihor Kolomoyskyi a very shady Ukrainian Jew w/ 3 passport(Ukraine/Israel/Cyprus)
Prince Andrew - close friend of Jeffrey Epstein. Prince Charles - close friend Jimmy Saville. Someone needs to ask both of them some hard questions.
Next false flag in Seattle 11.3.19?
Global Warming is a Racket
Putin asked Trump to have Ukraine investigate Biden
Documentary about the arms trade between US, Saudi Arabia and a variety of other countries. CIA, politicians in Shadow World: America, bribery, invented wars and the long-planned wars that have existed for decades which continue to this day.
The Trump Conspiracy
What if Greta’s autism is all a ruse and she’s like 25 years old
The Set Up (Joe B, Pres Trump + Media)
Imagine what else would be revealed about the Deep State if whistle blowers weren't silenced?
Documentary about the arms trade between US, Saudi Arabia and a variety of other countries. CIA, politicians in America, bribery, invented wars and the long planned wars that have existed for decades which continue to this day.
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 10/?
I love Big Oil. Big Oil is my friend, my best friend. I wish Greta would stop bullying Big Oil because they're really nice if you get to know them
See this black band around Asshole Kutchers wedding ring? I've seen high level masons with that. "I KNOW" what it is, I don't have details. Give details.
Today: Sanhedrin hosting Organization of 70 Nations - Anniversary of Creation of World - Noahide Laws - International Biblical Court - Animal Sacrifices
See 1:55 For Human-Pig Hybrid
9/11 Eyewitness - "Harley Guy" Mark Walsh/Nick Pugh
Social media sites like Instagram &amp; Facebook aren't pushing to remove the likes count on content because they care about their users' mental health. They're removing them because it removes the metric by which brands can bypass Facebook's native ad market place.
"Fact checking" agencies have said that an obviously edited meme involving Greta is fake
"This is truly a case where the RCMP manufactured the crime...The police essentially chose where the devices would be planted." Justice Bruce 2016 BCSC 1404 R. v. Nuttall
McDonalds honey
Are they punished?
Ukraine Prosecutor General Yurii Lutsenko talks about Biden Pressuring to fire his predecessor in exchange for US aid money.
Why Biden had Shokin fired
All the idiots who think climate change hoax
Does anyone with legal/governmental knowledge know what this redacted portion may be? Sorry for the low quality
The Connections of Jeffrey Epstein | 1791
The conspiracy behind Greta Thunberg
Interesting take by Dubstep producer Squnto
Face it Reddit: you will lick any of the elite's boots to go after one man that you have been lead to believe is everything wrong in this world. By taking anti-Trump corporate media lackeys at face value, you've made fools out of yourselves time and time again.
Journalist John Solomon Document Dump Showing Biden's Ukraine Collusion Dropped
Greta Thunberg's speech was coached by Luisa Neubauer, her lobbying organisation "one foundation" is being funded by George Soros and Bill &amp; Melinda Gates
Atrazine and Prostate Cancer
Why is everything put out into the open?
Capitalism Hits Home: Revelations, Cover-ups: Round Up of the Epstein Case The World of Wealthy Connected Rapists and Peophiles the Scum of the Earth Personified - Part 2
Capitalism Hits Home: Revelations, Cover-ups: Round Up of the Epstein Case The World of Wealthy Connected Rapists and Peophiles the Scum of the Earth Personified - Part 1
Profesor against pedophiles
1973 film short by Richard Sierra about television I feel is relevant today even more
If you don't believe in man made climate change and attack climate activists then congrats, you've been manipulated by one of the most obvious/simplest corporate conspiracies in existence, the irony of some people in this sub is giving me an ulcer
The letter Q
USA economic sanctions against Venezuela are illegal, against International Law, yet the VAST majority of Americans don't realize this because CIAstream media doesn't report the fact of the sanctions' illegality. 40,000 Venezuelans have died in the past year due to
Mifsud had no first hand knowledge of russian emails @ Papadopoulos meeting.
Documentary about the coup that took place in Ukraine around 2014 which involved the U.S. government
The royaks didn't know about Savile
Former President Barack Obama: "Suddenly America is the largest oil producer, that was me people ... say thank you."
Jessica Collins speaks out about her abuse at the hands of Jeffrey Epstein; Is completely ignored by mainstream news sources.
Attention team trump! Do you still think he’s on your side?
"I have an app, in my phone, right now... It's like a beta app... Anybodys face here it knows who you are what your online accounts are. @14:25
Christine Day and the Pleiadians :)
A toxic mix of r/thedonald and Corbett report
Why is it OK for Netflix to show NONE of their profits and subscribers?
A little skeptical
And now time for something... unearthly
Eyes Wide Shut
Just found this on Amazon. I think it’s them starting to take control of every aspect of your life. I’m not sure I trust Amazon with my medical info.
Donald Trump is part of a conspiracy to dismantle America from the inside by instigating poor relationships with other countries; His current target is Ukraine.
Leaked Documents regarding Biden having the prosecuter of Ukraine fired. First one is a doozy.
Ukraine Ex-Official Casts Doubt on Biden Conflict Claim
This Greta kid isn’t some random nobody. She comes from a family of elite eugenicists and the “father of climate science” is literally her grandad
Theory About Ghosts &amp; UFOs/Aliens/Gods, etc - why they're seen only sometimes, and not all the time
The end of net neutrality is really about getting to the point where internet companies can sell your data
Solomon: These once-secret memos cast doubt on Joe Biden's Ukraine story
They really don't get it, do they?
The Disappearing Medical Exemption to Vaccination - NVIC
As far as we know the New York Times Anon 'I am the Resistance' was never found. He/she may have emerged as the 'Whistleblower' and using the legal protections provided under the statute.
Don't back down
The 6 Media Companies That Control the Media (otherwise known as the mouthpieces of the Deep State) Have Taken Up the Impeach Narrative Again. Let's take a look back at the times this outrage has been pushed on the public and the outcomes then.
I am looking for a youtube video that was about how humans are slaves in todays society and we are being farmed by the rich.
Don't Fuck Spooks
Correlation between vaccines causing mental disorders and the victims with mental disabilities being used?
Interesting.
Well that didn't take long to move the goal posts again.
Accidental Reveal of Democrat Presidential Candidate by Deep State?
We all know that there are no coincidences. This doesn't just HAPPEN. How is this even possible?
Is "Climate Change" a fraud?
DOJ, FBI failed to fully comply with congressional 9/11 mandate, lawsuit alleges
This disappeared very quickly
A treasure trove of information here folks. This is a link to an online collection of American news papers dating back to the 1700s. No doubt some of you researchers will appreciate the amount of information in here. I found it trying to locate info on the Catalina Island Giants.
Scriptless Greta = eye opener
Rumors swirling the anti-Trump whistleblower was one of Brennan's old CIA humps detailed over to -- planted inside -- the White House to spy on Trump and help thwart the investigation of #Spygate which also involves Obama DOS/FBI/CIA skullduggery in Ukraine
Join the light forces! Help us ensure the most positive ascension timeline for humanity in the immediate future. Also information on the light vs. Dark struggle over planet Earth
Who’s following the repo operation by the Fed? I’m looking for some videos and economists that explain what’s going on. Obviously msm is full of shit and won’t get near the truth. Seems to me that we are on edge of a major crash and they official narrative is covering it up.
It was the initiation of Kyoto Protocol
Truth and Proper Remberance
The @latimes just posted the audio of Trump threatening the whistleblower’s sources and alluding to a death sentence for whoever gave them their information
Why is this guy taking the lead for this Ukraine investigation?
Halifax Mob, anyone know anything ?
Judge throws out conviction of Flynn partner citing lack of evidence
Health = Heaven. Some of these thoughts are very interesting.
Anyone else feel like The Media is pushing Krystal Ball (of the Hill) on us?
Top Minds of Reddit directly linking to our threads
For the past year and a half Israeli snipers are shooting at and murdering Palestinians who are peacefully protesting for the right to return to their homes in Palestine. The Government of the United States of America is supporting these crimes by using its veto vote in the UN Security Council.
CNBC's Ron Insana unaware of the official story of 9/11 accidentally destroys it with eye witness testimony
Number Stations
Top Mind of Reddit liking directly to Conspiracy threads
Friends been acting weird, Halifax Mob
Whistle-Blower Is a C.I.A. Officer Who Was Detailed to the White House
Assassinations or other crimes in the run up to elections- any patterns?
Every celeb/media personality that has admitted to selling their soul to the devil
My problem with the Greta phenomenon
Report on the Constitutions of the Jesuits to the French Parliament of Rennes by its procurator-general Louis-René de La Chalotais, justifying the Jesuit Order's expulsion from France
A couple of things I haven’t seen explored, but may have missed:
‘Everything You’re Seeing Is Deception.’ How Right-Wing Media Talks About Impeachment.
Just a friendly reminder that trump was friends with Epstein.
Adam Schiff Started Hearing With Fake Quotes From Trump, Ukrainian Transcript
Just stop and imagine how much Co2 was generated by the production, transportation, and deliverance of 26,171 bombs which were actually used in a single year. But I'm the one who stole her future with my gasoline automobile?
Senate Passes House Democrats’ Last-Minute Spending Package to avoid government shutdown end of September (so impeachment inquiry moves forward uninterrupted by gov shutdown?)
This is why you dont feed the trolls.. ‘OK’ is now a hate symbol, the ADL says | FOX 61
ShowerThought: Trump is actually going to let himself get impeached this time around. That will let him run for 2 more full terms, and his base will be more fired up than ever.
Never lived in the state and my number is not from the state, not have I ever inquired .. interesting no?
Who is the whistleblower? NY Times says he is CIA
The Connections of Jeffrey Epstein
Craaazy music video from late 80s, lots of symbolism XTC - the Ballad of Peter Pumpkinhead
US deploys air defense systems, troops to Saudi Arabia
Reminder: In 2016, the DNC paid a DNC contractor to go to Ukraine to solicit dirt on Trump and his campaign members
The Pending Reset of Time - The Essential Guide
We Are Jeopardized by the Creation of False Realities
Whistle-Blower Is a C.I.A. Officer Who Was Detailed to the White House
The connections of Jeffrey Epstein by 1791
If you say the CIA is evil, what do you think of the US military?
Greta is Veruca Salt! Literally!
Facebook blocking Fox News articles as "against community standards"
Ingredients of some of the vaccines being discussed for mandatory vaccinations
Horses to Slaughter: Anatomy of a Coverup within the Wild Horse and Burro Program of the Burro of Land Management
Trump mentioned CrowdStrike to Ukrainian president, and statement from CrowdStrike doesn’t seem to know why.
I really hate to ask of this
So now it's a crime to ask for an investigation?
Hollywood hates gingers
For more than 60 years, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has known that the changes occurring to planetary weather patterns are completely natural and normal. But the space agency, for whatever reason, has chosen to let the man-made global warming hoax persist and spread
What is up with Greta's facial expressions?
What did our former leaders almost get away with? (4 mins.)
So Many In This Subreddit Are Conspirators At Heart
If Amber Guyger (Dallas Police Officer) is found not guilty, there will be a riot in Dallas, Texas.
Some hypothesize that years ago when the first mass school shootings started they were indeed fake and completely orchestrated. The reason for this was to influence those who are unstable, (like with movies, games, tv shows etc.) to give them ideas to commit such heinous acts. What do you think?
Contrails create heat trapping clouds all over the world, oops accidental global warming
Its finally entered our system.. what a good show i got in Ottawa Ontario Canada this afternoon
5 mind-blowing mandela effects
Why I think Bigfoot, sea dinosaurs, and more still exist today.
Trump goes after children just like creepy Joe Biden.
Rudy Giuliani -- With us, or against us?
Does anyone remember the Simpsons Trump campaign comparisons?
Why Tartaria is being suppressed and the true origin of modern jews
I don’t follow any politicians on twitter I’m not from America, I don’t live there. Yet this is at the very top of my timeline. Clear leftist bias
What locations on Earth would you consider the safest to wait out an actual apocalyptic scenario?
Pompeo says Bashar al-Assad, Syria government used chlorine in May chemical weapon attack
Phone conversation between Victoria Nuland (ex press relations lead for Hillary) and the US Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt, casually discussing the coup to overthrow Ukraine’s President in 2014
Global warming lol (How dare you)
Theory about pyramids
[META] Greta Pigtails Girl is a Distraction
Dept. of Homeland Security Forced to Release List of Keywords Used to Monitor Social Networking Sites
Wait, i know the truth
Wait, i know the truth
Video 0:55 - shows a round "man made" looking craft with figures walking away from it
Banker Talks About Who Rules The World
Capitol transmission...
"The Nayirah testimony was a false testimony given before the Congressional Human Rights Caucus on October 10, 1990 by a 15-year-old girl who provided only her first name, Nayirah... she was the daughter of Saud Al-Sabah, the Kuwaiti ambassador to the United States"
Really weird lockdown situation in my town this morning. Drill occurred then an older male was detained an hour later on school property after an "alleged threat" and they went into a second lockdown.
Ex-Florida Police Chief/Whistleblower allegedly has numerous files/video footage of Prince Andrew and other elites being involved in Epstein's debauchery and pedophile ring, and is now on the run seeking asylum from the FBI in Russia.
White House 'tried to cover up Trump call details'
Globalist superstar Michail Saakashvili welcomed back in Ukraine by Pres. Zelensky. Saakashvili video interview reveals there was active Burisma investigation when Biden demanded firing of Prosecuter General. Has Saakashvili switched sides against Globalists?
UFC Quickly Turning Into the WWE - A Break From Politics
Could they already know something?!?! Military commanders are warning service members about the potential for mass shootings at screenings of the upcoming film "Joker",
What is this? Can someone direct me to a sub about this?
Could they already know something?!?!
Hundreds of Army Psyop specialists are being promoted this month in a record-breaking ceremony
Is it just me or do things seem to get crazier by the day?
Greta signals to her handler?
Cops seem to have a obsession with acquiring IDs from law abiding citizens. Why is that??
For more than 60 years, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has known that the changes occurring to planetary weather patterns are completely natural and normal. But the space agency, for whatever reason, has chosen to let the man-made global warming hoax persist and spread
This is being promoted on my Twitter. Not once have I visited her page nor any politicians page for that matter. And Twitter still claims to have no bias towards the left wing party. Ridiculous
Quite the t shirt heheheh
Using children as political props to push the Elites Climate Agenda is nothing new. They did it in 1992 with Severn Cullis-Suzuki.
Wearing my 'fuck you karen' shirt to work today
Greta Thunberg without a script
[Short post] Why knowledge of the Tartarian Empire is being suppressed and the true origin of modern jews.
The video of Greta Thunberg off script at the UN they don't want you to see. "What is the message you would like to send world leaders?" The spearhead of this climate change movement has no answer.
Gossip-Ridden 'Whistleblower' Complaint Follows Steele Dossier Template
Since when is it the conspiracy theorist's job to defend those in power and defend the President?
Nepotism. As Long as Your Dad has Power, No Experience Necessary to Make $600k a Year. How Much Do You Make?
Wearing my 'fuck you karen' shirt to work today
I think bots using gpt2 are starting to become more common on reddit. What do you think?
What's behind the symbology of year after year having these creepy looking police officer in the same camera shot as the families while they are giving speeches?
This post had 3,000 upvotes, did you know that this is 2 simpsons episodes mashed together to make it seem like its all from one episode? OP is misleading all 3,000 of you.
Almost everything popular on media, in society is bad in bigger picture. And most of things are lies.
Inside Job [Sept 11. 2019. NYC]
Jeffrey Epstein model agent pal Jean-Luc Brunel found in South America: reports
Is climate change actually about the climate?
U.S. Army will be scoping out theaters playing the Joker movie, looking for guys that look like they can't get laid
Complaint From So-Called ‘Whistleblower’ Is Riddled With Gossip, Blatant Falsehoods. The complaint from an anti-Trump "whistleblower," released Thursday, is a mix of gossip, hearsay, and misstatements of fact contradicted by publicly available evidence.
This bus pulled up just as the reporter was talking about Trump
Trump promotes conspiracy theory: Clinton's deleted emails are in Ukraine
The actual favor POTUS asked was to look into Crowdstrike. Not Biden.
Unique Movies about Secret Society's
How young women were lured by Jeffrey Epstein's process
Our favorite group of d-bags appear to be back just in time for another round of the shit show
Anyone seen any other footage of greta signaling to her handlers?
Tin foil hat time
Another Indian MiG-21 fighter jet crashes
Remember, CO2 is so toxic that greenhouses buy CO2 generators to pump more of it in to make plants grow better
Thoughts on 5G???
'Grief and Anger' in Yemen After US-Backed Saudi Bombing Kills Seven Children: "The aggressors don't understand the message of peace, only messages of drones and missile power. Europe will not condemn this, but a strike against a Saudi oil field that killed no one, they condemn in strongest terms."
That one time rapper Azealia Banks cleaned her closet that she practiced brujeria (Spanish for witchcraft) in.
Three sailor deaths on USS George HW Bush in one week, in "separate, unrelated incidents" from "apparent" suicides: Is there a connection between these deaths and the bizarre "incidents" on US Navy vessels in the last couple of years?
Weather Manipulation (aka Geoengineering) as the true cause of "climate change": There's a concerted effort to propagandize this discussion, which is largely meant to distract from the devastating consequences of the covert and rampant use of weather manipulation technology.
Why was Greta thunberg allowed to speak on climate change and not an educated environmental scientist?
BTW Adolf Hitler was also born on that day
What it's Like Watching the News After Being Unplugged from the MATRIX
SCARS OF THE #ANCIENT #ALIENS
Holocaust is Fake
How come the Simpson’s are on point with world events before they happen?
Zelensky says Trump vows to help return annexed Crimea : How Putin's plan to take back all of Ukraine
Are we going to face hyperinflation on 10/10 and is that the true cause for the impeachment noise?
It's beginning...
This is what is being promoted on my twitter page. I don’t follow any left wing pages. And yet twitter still claims they don’t have a left wing bias. Nonsense
Reporter was told, shortly before WTC 7 collapsed on 9/11, that WTC leaseholder Larry Silverstein "was on the phone with his insurance carrier to see if they would authorize the controlled demolition of the building"
How to Spot Conflicts of Interest, on a Sunday afternoon.
Conspiracy: Obama was elected by the KKK and racists in an effort to make sure that the first black president with such a bumbling buffoon that no black man would ever get elected president again
Example of propaganda in /r/politics
The Greta Thunberg Helpline
Did You Know There's a Treaty Between the USA &amp; Ukraine Regarding Cooperation For Prosecuting Crimes?
THE GRETA THUNBERG HELPLINE
I wish that this is a joke. Talking with Marxist Anarchists?
My library knows about censorship apparently
FDA approved a tobacco based ecig in May 2019 and just like that... THC and Nicotine Ecigs cause health issues? Does this happen with vapable CBD?
How can such a devastating reality be swept so easily under the rug?
The problem is the dumb don't know they're dumb...
Why are conspiracy theorists labelled as far-right?
Silicon Valley's Abundance of Asperger's
Imagine If You Will
The Melting Ice Dam Between Us And Enough Arsenic Dust To Kill Everyone On Earth
Has this been posted already?
The "OK" hand gesture is now a hate symbol, according to a new report by the Anti-Defamation League
Chemicals in dryer sheets could cause you asthma, rashes, even cancer
Is the GOP the real whistleblower?
Republicans are just focusing on the quid-pro-quo piece to distract from the real impeachable crime.
White House moved records of president's conversations with foreign officials on to private computer system
Whistleblower complaint: Full PDF
CNBC Anchor / Analyst Ron Insana (9-11-2019): World Trade Center 7 had been "take[n] down in a controlled implosion later on"
So democrats are openly calling for an end to democracy. To remove the two elected officials and install an unelected dictator
Greta Thunberg- A Pawn in a Game She Doesn’t Understand by David Icke
Here's How We Are Silenced By Big Tech
Greta Thurnberg - A Pawn in a Game She Doesn’t Understand by David Icke
The 5 Cartels That Rule America &amp; The World
Now they're thinking of giving the climate change girl a Nobel Peace Prize
[2014] Ukraine crisis: Transcript of leaked Nuland-Pyatt call
Hitler's Chief of Staff Later Became NATO's Chief of Staff
TIL conpiracy Reddit is mostly liberal teens
This statistic should be shown in all US schools
In Case Anyone Forgot
Hey! I am doing a research project on conspiracy theories and need tips!
CNBC Anchor Ron Insana: Building 7 a ‘Controlled Implosion’ | On the 18th anniversary of 9/11, CNBC senior analyst and former anchor Ron Insana went on Bernie and Sid In the Morning on New York’s 77 WABC Radio to share his haunting experience of that horrible day.
This bus pulled up as the reporter was talking about Trump.
The REAL climate change conspiracy
Why is purchasing Forex Signals important?
Role of 'natural factors' on recent climate change underestimated, research shows - the climate change hoax is to usher in the next phase of population control and the world order. Pay to live.
The Simpsons predicted it once again. What's next?
When’s Matt groening gonna admit he’s from the future then
5G in 15 Minutes! Everything you need to know, including hidden information on mobile phone radiation
The Forever Fukushima Bomb = No Half Life
Anyone not actively involved in vaping can check out the discussion over on this post on /r/electronic_cigarette.
Soylent Now in Green. Soylent Green Advertising Using Film Soylent Green
I will continue to push my message until I’m silenced...
I will continue to push my message until I’m silenced...
Posted the enclosed text and link about Greta Thunberg, first in unpopularopinion and then in watchredditdie, a few hours later and then watchredditdie2 , removed too fast to be archived in all cases and text edited/deleted just as fast
Questions about 9/11
US Navy Confirmed UFO
UN Document Outlining Their Planned PR Using Youth to Implement Their Climate Change Solutions
Maybe it's nothing, but this user posted something I find creepy
TIL the founder of Netflix was named after the father of propaganda
On 16 January, 2019, Global Utmaning company that supports greta thunberg proudly announced on its social media its new collaboration with Global Shapers, community created by the world economic forum. Its leaders intend more globalisation
They program us with suggestive horizon thinking. Telling us we need to consume material possessions externally in order to achieve happiness, rather than looking within.
BREAKING: IMF Funds Diversion Scandal Rocks Hillary Clinton
Documentary, Vlog, or Blogpost Request/Idea
3/15/18 Biden's son and John Kerry's inked $1.5Billion Deal with Chinese government days after Biden's trip.Deals made by them would go on to have serious security implications for the USA.One such deal was with AVIC a Chinese military contractor accused of frequently stealing US military technology
Truth.
Leftist violence is being covered up.
Sup my dudes and dudettes. I just saw a UFO over Melbourne. This shit was at least 20km away, travelling waaaaay too fast for a plane and was pure white. Oh, and it vanished...
The inevitable fall of the GOAT
Shill
SO IM MAKING A YOUTUBE FIRST PERSON SERIE WITH HORROR GAMES...
Danske Bank Estonia CEO Found Dead After Money-Laundering Scandal
Breaking: Pentagon Warns Joker Film May Trigger Incel Mass Shootings
Climateberg says that the cattle industry is terrible for the environment, climateberg pushes for the population to consume only fake meat, climateberg's lawyers sue you if you pass a law that ends religious slaughter of animals.
Shill
Conspiracy/spirituality related subreddits
Ahhhhha! this is a good one
Y’all seen that Bollywood NASA footage? Spoiler: nothing happens and the special effects are terrible.
They just released a bird flu first set trials.
At Least 70 Countries Have Engaged in Disinformation Campaigns, Study Finds
information
Over 30,000 scientists say 'Catastrophic Man-Made Global Warming' is a complete hoax and science lie
The mandela effect is BS being pushed to gaslight the population into doubting their instincts.
Greta Thurnberg is a puppet of the ONE foundation
TikTok apparently bans western users for posting messages critical of the chinese communist regime.
Why did I read nowhere else that they managed to get a hold of an Epstein associate
Trump Impeachment Ploy to Hide Pedophilia Busts
The Bizarre Media Blackout Of Hacked George Soros Documents
Question Everything
John D. Rockefeller Sr. was golfing with Catholic Priest Father J.P. Lennon when the double Jesuit trained Chief Justice Edward Douglass White "broke up" Standard Oil, allowing it to become even bigger!
"QUIGLEY AS AN OPTIMIST: SEES WONDERFUL GROWTH OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH" Chicago Tribune, May 5th 1903
Q META Thread in the Works! (For Vets, Clueless, Intrigued but silent, Discussion)
How do you push a big lie that isn't catching on?
Let's all have an upvote for the oil and gas bots working overtime lately on this sub
Chinese Infiltration of Banking, Media, and US Defense Contractors
How do you push a big lie, that isn't catching on?
The Media now gets to decide whether the people get to hear what the government has to say.
My life conspiracy
Sorry if this is the wrong sub but I’m fairly certain companies send out emails like this just to stay relevant in your inbox.
Regarding the declaration of Impeachment of Trump
'If History is a Lie' - A Washington Post article from 1992 by Charles Paul Freund which dissects conspiracy theories and their rise in the early 90s. Freund discusses both the good and the bad of conspiracy theory thought and mentions many theories which are still relevant today. A great read.
Jordan Maxwell ~ "Illuminati &amp;The Black Magic Underworld" - Age Of Truth TV (2018)
How to make people believe once again
Why hasn't anyone leaked Trump's tax returns yet?
Biden is about to have a really bad day tomorrow
[Meta]The Joe Biden video that is on the front page is being censored if your not signed-into reddit
Parents exploiting Greta Thunberg for money
ALL ABOUT ME
What's The Deal With The "Black Cube of Saturn" Conspiracy? Sources?
9/11 Bombshell: CNBC Anchor Says Building 7 a 'Controlled Implosion'
In a nutshell
Deceiving the Sky: Inside Communist China’s Drive for Global Supremacy
Greta Thunberg speech 1941 (colorized)
For starters:
Conspiracy
‘It’s Treason.’ House Democrats Seize On ‘Transcript’ of Trump’s Ukraine Call
ELI5: Juul / Vaping deaths / Tobacco Bonds connection
13,000 teenagers arrested and tortured in Kashmir by Modi regime and his troll army mass downvoting Kashmir news post on reddit
Regarding "Climate Change" - An introductory: The missing links (Resource Compilation)
#Pepperidge Farm Remembers
Do you ever think people who cant fit in with other people are so cause maybe they themselves are not completely human?!?
Conspiracy denial is a threat to our children’s future - Conspiracy deniers are oblivious to the danger posed by our unelected mentally ill rulers - Conspiracy theorist,” “climate denier,” “racist,” and other personal attacks are launched against anyone who questions the “politically correct” agenda
9/11 Bombshell: CNBC Anchor Says Building 7 a 'Controlled Implosion'
Qanon Thread
Democrats sunk by their own torpedo. HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER
2014: Leaked Ukraine - US phone call exposes American involvement under Obama
[META] Why is there so much climate change hate on this sub?
Panama papers
Looks like maybe another mass shooting is about to happen.
Ukraine Whistleblower's Lead Attorney Donated to Biden
Valuing Nature and Native Americans - The Ongoing Breach Counter
Hilary emails
Larry Johnson keeps Exposing. Talks about spread of HIV in the Vatican.
No Charges Against Off-Duty LAPD Officer in Corona Costco Shooting: Riverside Co. DA
Do police departments work like the government? Agendas, quotas, ect. Do they know the law they are suppose to enforce?
TIL 9/11 is New Year's on the Ancient Egyptian Calendar.
Trump encourages questions to Pence about his own Ukraine calls
A deep dive into the perspectives and conspiracies around climate change
Dozens of Failed Climate Predictions Stretch 80 Years Back
TIL 9/11 is New Year's on the Ancient Egyptian Calendar.
Jaco is hiding something! Dragonball Franchise
What You Need to Know About Crowdstrike
4D chess - Impeachment
"the investigation to make sure that we administer justice in our country with regard to the Ambassador to the United States from Ukraine" That would be Valeriy Chaly. He's been at that position since 2015. What's this about?
Does anyone know anything about this Challenger Conspiracy?
[META] The releasd Ukranian transcripts show that this is yet another attempt by the globalists to reverse a lawful election via manufactured impeachment. At what point so we call it treason and start jailing the oligarchs behind these scams?
Looking for others- US children in the 80's, 90's and early 00's that were given IQ and competency tests in school
Lot of secondhand reporting done on memos today. Here’s the link it’s only 5 Pages. What do you see?
In 1967, Myron Fagan speaks before the John Birch society on the Rothschild family involvement in all geopolitical affairs since the 18th century.
Treasonous Trudeau Foundation Finances Global Jihad Against America!
Presidents can now be impeached for having phone calls with other foreign leaders
So I have a question about sound in regards to the LV shooting
Department of Justice probe of lobbyists Tony Podesta and Vin Weber concludes with no charges
Greta Thunberg - Climate Panicologist and Crisis Actor for Corrupt Aristocracy
Is this why the Uniparty is freaking out about Ukraine? Robert Mueller meeting w/ President Yanukovych in 2013 before he is ousted in Feb 2014? Then April 2014 Hunter Biden appointed to board of Burisma(owned by Yanukovych cabinet member). Coup &amp; hostile takeover by Obama?
The Coup Has Begun – The Empire Strikes Back Everywhere
Trump impeachment "attempt" to try and start a conflict in a fractured America?
The Marvel vs DC conspiracy
In 1967, Myron Fagan speaks to the John Birch Society regarding Rothschild meddling in all geopolitical affairs dating back to the 18th century.
Donald Trump leftist democRAT trojan horse FAKE impeachment PSYOP for th...
Marina Abramovic Assaulted in Italy
I think I've been demoralised
Katydid: Coincidence or the Matrix?
I responded to a post about this, was told to create my own post.
In the early 1900s, respected scientists and engineers proved, with scientific laws and mathematical principles, that manned flight is impossible. In the early 1940s, "sticking closely to scientific facts and figures," it was shown that a round trip to the Moon requires a Mt. Everest-sized rocket.
Joe Biden's 2020 Ukrainian nightmare: A closed probe is revived
Hey Adam Schiff, what happened to the whistleblower?
IT’S HERE: D-Wave announces 2048-qubit quantum computing system, theoretically capable of breaking all classical encryption, including military-grade â NaturalNews.com
The ghost house
The News Media is Succeeding in Dividing the Country
India-China Alliance
x-post r/environment - Perhaps this explains *some* of the frantic posting about Greta the last couple of days. Never forget how manipulated this sub is!
Demonocracy -- from another world
Trump accidentally sends his talking points on Ukraine to House Democrats, then 'recalls' them
Help finding a video
Simpsons real life predictions is a meme and nothing more.
In a quickly retracted statement by royal.uk, the Queen was seen by thousands of people in "a form they are not acquainted with..."
Senior U.N. Environmental Official: Entire Nations Could Be Wiped off the Face of the Earth by rising Sea Level....by the Year 2000
I didn’t think the 2020 elections could be as entertaining as 2016. We are over a year away &amp; i’m already enjoying the shit show.
is this real or fake???if so WTF...........
END US IMPERIALISM
What ever came about this story?
In Germany, Jewish funds help keep Mediterranean migrant rescue missions afloat
The Holocaust Industry
George Carlin On Mad TV NASA Moon Landing
Damning UN report reveals 'unprecedented' levels of change in the world's oceans
Change my mind
Why is no one talking about "David Goldberg"?
According the New Age Mystic Group The Theosophists, The 6th Root Race will be a New Race of Humans Which Will be Genetically Modified
Flying soucer testing?
Show this to someone if they don't consider conspiracies
Is this sub turning into the_d 2.0 organic?
Help finding a post or information possibly about dreams being siphoned by ufos for star maps
What happened to "the promise" which was made to a foreign leader which the news media were breathlessly screeching about last week?
UK Supreme Court "all seeing eye" design
Impeachment, Peace Deal before Sudden Destruction, Four Horsemen, Son Of Perdition
UK Supreme Court "all seeing eye" design
THE GREAT HERO of our future
Theory: Trump Was A Trap
So just how comped/bought/paid for is "Stuff They Don't Want You To Know?"
The Chicken Strip Conspiracy
Confessions of a climate scientist
[META] We need to talk about what actually belongs on this sub.
Confessions of a Climate Scientist
Why aliens won't visit Earth
[Meta] I am not awake; I am a recovering victim of mind control.
UK Supreme Court "all seeing eye" design
I am not awake; I am a recovering victim of mind control.
Much more is going on than what appears in the distractive/divisive media...Order From Chaos: I Pet Goat II, Super Bowl 53,Fasle Flags and Illuminati Elite Rituals
Joe and Hunter Biden extradited to Ukraine on corruption charges...doesn't sound impossible after reading transcript of Ukraine phone call.
UK Supreme Court "all seeing eye" design
Trump holding a press conference at the exact time the whistleblower complaint gets released to Congress (1pm PST)
Here Are a Bunch Of Charts That Prove The World Is Better Than Ever
Cancer drugs are killing up to 50 percent of patients in some UK hospitals
This thread showing all of the “journalist” purposefully ignoring 500 words in the Ukraine transcript. Framing it how they want.
Canada erases 100 years of climate data from the records 1850-1949.
So, My name is Nolan and I run a YouTube channel called Nolkan. I have recently hit 100 subscribers and I am making a second channel which will be based on conspiracy’s and creepy stuff, Kinda like Shane Dawson. Anyway I’m looking for some good names for the channel. Any good suggestions? Thank you.
Here is a classic JRE with the late great Michael Ruppert. Crazy that he called out US warmongering with Iran back in 2013. Still worth a watch!
The world needs to see this. Disclaimer: This not a conspiracy, but This is the only subreddit where it wouldn't be taken dow.
It’s ridiculous to believe that Hitler killed himself
The Tenth plague of Egypt – key to understanding the history of Jews
A Conversation with MIT’s Michael Casey About Surveillance Capitalism, Cryptocurrency, and How to Take Back Control of Our Digital Lives
One way to do it ..
Only the Full Whistleblower Complaint Will Do as Trump White House Signals 'Redacted Version'
UK Supreme Court "all seeing eye" design
Nancy Pelosi - "Majority is not judging the President with fairness, but impeaching him with a vengeance"
The whole speech of Greta Thunberg seems so fake
Exiled Chinese businessman revealed on his YouTube channel that Fentanyl is Chinese Communist regime’s “toxic weapon” in covert warfare with the United States.
"Deep State"
They tell you the homeless are there because of drugs. And some are, but that is not even close to the whole truth.
Deep State is worried that Ukraine would cooperate with POTUS &amp; the DoJ to investigate and drain the swamp. They were afraid Ukraine would hand over the Crowdstrike server(s) with evidence on them.
Shameful censorship from the BBC
Tibet's Rivers And Ecology
My school telling freshmen that cigarettes are better than vapes (context in the comment
Is this subreddit looking for truth? All signs point to the opposite.
Boris Johnson: Money Spent Investigating Historical Child Abuse Is "Spaffed Up The Wall" - LBC
Don't forget, yes a lot is almost certainly BS, but all is almost certainly not
Sorry, but excuse me WTF is this?
Which prevalent conspiracy theories do you NOT believe?
Excuse me wtf? -CDC Director Julie Gerberding Admits Vaccines Can Cause Autism-Like Symptoms
President Trump-Ukraine Transcript News Conference
Senate Votes to Overturn Trump’s Emergency Declaration Over U.S.-Mexico Border
Shooting threat at ‘Joker’ movie premiere spurs warning from Army Criminal Investigation Command
CNN tells people cola is better for hydration than water.
Polemical Commentary on the Political Carnage
Things I see on my facebook feed. Why do people not see a problem with this? The comment on it is “she is amazing”. She’s amazing at manipulating the weak-minded. I’m reading “Live in fear or die”.
Any Republicans that come out in favor of impeachment are directly implicated in the Ukraine scandal.
Australia’s Capital Territory Legalizes Marijuana Possession and Cultivation
A signed letter asking the Ukraine government to investigate a political foe in the U.S. exists! It is signed by Menendez (D-NJ), Durbin (D-IL) and Leahy (D-VT). Is this the smoking gun?
Uhhh guys... I think I found something.
Funny aint it?
Vaping "epidemic"
Aug Tellez: Spiritual Chronic Fatigue
Didn’t teen vogue do a piece over normalizing pedophilia? Now they’re attacking those who differ with Greta as a coordinated network. Seems like a publisher with backdoor ties to the big climate change push. Let’s expose them.
Trump - Ukraine transcript. Draining the swamp!
Government is smart
If I suddenly vanish from Reddit or any Discord channel I am in, please help to send this.
This article from 2017 helps explain why Trump mentioned CrowdStrike. They were a player in the Russian collusion hoax.
Trump: creates 'Impeachment Defense Task Force'
The Trump Ukraine phone call. PDF..... For some it will never be good enough.
The White House accidentally emailed its Ukraine talking points to Nancy Pelosi
Hunter Biden is important to our national security *sniiiiiiiiiiiiff*
Donald Trump Jr. on Twitter: "There’s literally video of Joe Biden bragging about bribing Ukraine to fire a prosecutor using US taxpayer dollars! Cc: Any real journalist... if there are any left."
Mystery Schools: Lesson 1: Introduction with Frater Xavier (Mind&amp;Magick)
Area 51 raid and the navy ufo videos
Which "mainstream" conspiracy theories you actually DON'T believe in..
Could Kurt Cobain be hinting at something?
Might have missed this with all the trump impeachment talk.
Santos Bonacci- Astrotheology: Freedom from Bondage
I was a mind controlled spy.
Mysterious 5G towers pop up all over Cincinnati
What is on Anthony Weiners laptop?
White House accidentally sends Trump-Ukraine talking points to wrong contact list and tries to recall email
This is how they researched Q, only the used the Donald and other subreddits instead of 4chan
The Elite's want to make sure you never realize how powerful you really are, how powerful your thoughts are, or how much you can help create peace on Earth.
Santos Bonacci- Ancient Astro-theology: Freedom from Bondage
the truth behind lds bishops
The complete non-redacted transcript of Trump's phone call with the Ukrainian leader. PDF
Student Loan Crisis Fuels Military Recruitment Boom
White House releases incomplete summary of Trump's Ukraine phone call about Joe Biden
Why do you only believe the bad things said about the other guys? Have you wondered that?
Picture from Israel’s space program...It’s like they’re not even trying anymore
Former Danske Estonia boss found dead amid money laundering inquiry
What the Government is Hiding from us...
Chem trails: anyone have the national report on waterways and souls that correlate to higher levels of metals that we don’t know how they got there?
Twisted Logic! Criminal corporations stole Ukraine resources, Obama pressure the local government to drop the case/fire the prosecutor who investigated. All ok!! Trump ask current president to restart investigation and punish the high level criminals. Impeachment!!
MA bans sale vape products for 4 months
It is official: Call out the Archons for who/what they are, and prepare for reddit.com paid shills
Health = Heaven. Some thoughts are very interrsting
Ilhan Omar's sister is a member of the Swedish Parliament
9/11 "planes" FOOTAGE WAS POORLY DONE ON AFTER EFFECTS NO HOLOGRAM
right
Who rememebers this right now?
One gets air time, the other doesn't... almost like there is an ulterior motive
Putin: "Anti-Semites Always Blame Jews for their Own Failures"
Who is this Greta woman everyone keep talking about and why is she important in terms of conspiracy?
David Lewis Anderson - coast to coast w/Art Bell
Crowdstrike has many corrupt faces per QAnon intel drops.
List of conspiracies we were correct about?
Part of the transcript between Trump and Ukraine. Keep it civil
What made you realize we are being fooled? What woke you up? What made you into a “conspiracy” theorist?
Part of the transcript of Trump speaking with Ukraine. I know this is a heated topic but please keep shit civil so that we can ping ideas without getting in trenches for no reason.
Crowdstrike back in the news! Someone in Ukraine has Clinton's server?
Dick Cheney's heart came from a Chinese prisoner.
EVERYONE is a slave. But what kind?
Bradley Manning Still in Jail, This Time for Refusing to Testify Against Assange
Who’s behind the whistleblower?
Saw this on face book, I live in Austin Tx and there’s a rumor going around that there was talk in the deep web about planning a mass shooting on the premier of the new joker movie.... anyone out there have knowledge of this?
“Facebook isn’t listening to our conversations”
CEO of Juul steps down. Isn’t it strange that e-cigs are being blamed for the 8 deaths related with vaping even though those deaths were THC related?
Thoughts on the 2012 Burgas bombing? The EU put the Hezbollah on the terror list as a result.
Do we need all these federal agencies, departments, and groups?
War Propaganda: Despite providing no substantial evidence and citing anonymous intelligence (the same intelligence that claimed Iraq had WMDs and that Saddam was working with al-Qaeda), the corporate media has endorsed the Saudi and Trump admin’s claims to manufacture consent for war with Iran
When a President releases the Kennedy files, whether it’s Trump if he gets around to it or a successor, regardless of party, there will be attempts on their life by the CIA.
The Baron Trump novels (written in 1893)
Conspiracy theories in digital culture - Diggit Magazine
Workers removed some panels from this massive flag pole revealing what’s hidden inside
Climate Predictions
/r/conspiracy Round Table #23: Ancient Artifacts, Looted Libraries &amp; Hidden Hieroglyphs
Truth.
TRUTH!!!!
Maybe someone could do some digging on this cupcakke situation? This is all very strange and out of character for her.
Trump Ukraine Call: Full Transcript [PDF]
Reddit banned the last post because i didn't EXPLAIN the post. IT IS A MEME ABOUT 69 BEING A SNITCH, A SATIRICAL NUDGE TO THE CONSPIRACY OF 911. I womder if this will be ok. Smh...
Juul CEO Steps Down and big surprise.....is replaced by a Big Tobacco Executive
Spike Asks: ??? What Happened To Jeffrey Epstein ?
Bollywood meets NASA. (Spoiler, nothing happens and the special effects are terrible.)
FBI arrests US soldier for disseminating bomb-making information
Wow Phillip Morris ends talks with Juul, to create their own.
Using children as political props to push the Elites Climate Agenda is nothing new. They did it in 1992 with Severn Cullis-Suzuki.
A deep dive into the climate change issues, perspectives, and conspiracies
My Gift To Climate Alarmists
People are so dumb, everyone was concerned about the poor kids being raped, so they found the most annoying kid, propped her up, now everyone’s attention is fixated on her
After seeing the Tlaib footage trying to pin 'conspiracy theorist' on someone as a derogatory term and the impeachment battle that's about to ensue remember that no matter what side of the aisle you're on, they're all playing you.
I am baffled by the recent volume of posters here who are either in denial of climate change or human contributions to it, or they think that global activism/protests on this issue are some "liberal agenda". I would love to hear your justifications.
The Fed just pumped $128 billion into markets to pull down interest rates its first injection in 10 years
Was Epstein part of Bush SR's CIA?
The only successful cultural revolution will be a distributed revolution
Infographic Visualizes The Volume Of Fuel That Contributed To The Collapse Of The WTC On 9/11
SLUTS ARE IMPORTANT!
Yet they’re still selling cigarettes...
Here is literally a video of Joe Biden bragging about bribing Ukraine to fire a prosecutor using US taxpayer dollars!
What is the best youtube alternative that does not censor it's content?
Joe Biden brags about getting Ukrainian prosecutor fired.
What has happened to Voat? Is it down?
MI6 bosses terrified Russia may hold ‘compromising information on Prince Andrew’
So JUUL causes "serious health risks" but tobacco is completely fine? Why are there no ads about smoking lawsuits on TV?
Donald Trump’s voice sped up sounds identical to JFK
The essence of /r/conspiracy
Call for a discussion into what is really going on. Open minds please!
Former head of Danske Bank's Estonia unit found dead, amid money-laundering investigation involving cash flows of €200 billion.
Watch out America... 69 is about.
Ninja.
Everything you think is a positive change, is part of the plan
Did you guys hear? Trump is anti semetic
What's wrong with this picture?
Where all conspiracy theories begin – Adam Weishaupt
The banana conspiracy
Afgan opium poppy farming has grown 3 fold since 1994 to 2008, this pops a question "was war ever about terrorism"
I was doing research today and found this very confusing.
'Perfectly Real' Deepfake Videos Are Coming in 2020
Ukrainian news article from March 2019 confirms interference in 2020 election.
Real news is extremely dangerous to their monopolies
A brief breakdown for new users on how the not-so-federal Federal Reserve functions.
I think the government watches us masterbeat
Who is Ron Legarski?
World Trade Center 7
Rare Footage of Demon Caught On Camera - Autumnal Equinox Activation - Nancy Secrets Uncovered - Call Me Daddy
I just pressed “join” and the little banner at the bottom popped up and said “left r/conspiracy”. Someone is in my phone.
Former Ukrainian Secret Service Official… Ukraine Funded Clinton Campaign with Stolen IMF Money!
GROUND HANDLING OPPORTUNITIES FOR AIRPORTS
WTC7
Greta Aspberg and family, wearing antifa t shirts
"Crimes Of The Educators"
The Government Won't Save You
Most upvoted posts on this sub have been about a teenage girl on tv while we talk NOTHING about what's right in front of us: The President of the United States is literally conspiring against our country before our very eyes.
Could this be the beginnings of government level recognition about the US invading countries with ulterior motives?
Can someone tell me if they see any stars?
Gand marane ke 101 rambaan upay
Please give me weird conspiracy videos to watch ok go
Area 51
Another one
Trump impeaching?
What can we do for environment? Nothing unless we change the whole system.
Live Steam went offline as soon as youtuber mentions Jeffry Eipstein. 24/09/2019
This is deeply disturbing on pretty much all levels. One has to wonder if a proliferation of incest porn has contributed to this post blowing up on Reddit's front page
Surprise ?
This guy is saying that the serpent died on the cross, and that Jesus didn’t exist. And I believe him.
NO MORE WAR, No more fighting, We gotta love each other..
For every terrible white man that's ever lived, there was a white woman who made him that way
a question to the r/conspiracy community - I noticed some of you seem to doubt everything there is in the news. why are you still online and continue being exposed to lies?
So Obama/Biden funded actual neo-nazi's in a Ukraine coup, then Hunter Biden went to work for one who made 1.8billion disappear, and Joe had the investigation squashed? Oh, John Kerry family crony Devon Archer was in on it too. Is this Haiti all over again?
Trump theory: he was allowed to come to power to increase support for a globalist president to follow
Trump theory: he was allowed to win in order to ferment support for a pro globalism president to follow
Trump is behind the Whistleblower
So related to the burning of the amazon for profit, my theory is about what they plan to plant for profit in place.
Kik chat app, alleged to harbor child predators, is shutting down
Russia has countless bots on YouTube that dislike and comment on popular news media channels (CNN, Fox, Bloomberg and more) supporting Right Wing views and specially Pro Trump rhetoric.
Greta Thrunberg's mother Malena Ernman Thrunberg in video with Eyes Wide Shut mask wearing drones, buying frozen pizza! WTF!?
The alien adrenochrome conspiracy
Whistleblower Ukraine Transcript: will Dems Melt Down or Double Down when it Reveals Ukraine Pres brought up Biden Issue? Is Ukraine also Investigating Clintons? Year of Boomerang.
Is there a conspiracy to make BLM look dumb?
Who has that one trump conspiracy
Wexner could be called as witness in Epstein-related defamation suit
Tiffany Trump will likely be having a child with Barron Trump anytime now.
Greta Thunder Burger - the propaganda shill of the green new deal scam.
Tobacco Tyrants attack “Vaping” Industry
Is World War III near?
Where are the borders of state of Israel? Erdoğan asks UNGA
Ukraine was such hotbed of American meddling that Oliver Stone released 2016 full documentary 'Ukraine On Fire'. Watch Official Trailer and full documentary to prepare for what's coming...
Facebook censoring anti left posts again
Anybody else think this looks a bit staged or scripted?
John Podesta celebrating his bro getting off the hook in Ukraine lobbying investigation that ensnared Manafort
I was calculating the thickness of foil for my chem class and stumbled upon an interesting array of photos, they seem to be multiple political and famous figures from around the world with the title of "error" just been stuck in my head for the past week wanted to get some answers.
Who is pulling the strings??
Bread and Circus, anyone?
Joe Biden admits to witholding billions unless prosecutor is fired
Every day
Moon Landing Conspiracy Debunked:
This could hurt the relationship with Ukraine and America so Russia could potentially attack.
Never forget Barry Jennings
9/11 - Why aren't American Airlines 11 and American Airlines 77 in the Bureau of Transportation Statistics?
It is confirmed that an elite pedophile blackmail ring exists and Epstein is just going to take the fall for the whole thing?
"A Call for a Transformative Agenda..." - Part 3
In the midst of this Steven Avery trial : couldn’t they just check his play station Saves for his alibi?? #conspiracy #truth
China is killing religious and ethnic minorities and harvesting their organs, UN Human Rights Council told. Lawyers for independent China Tribunal say UN member states have ‘legal obligation’ to act
"A Call for a Transformative Agenda..." - Part 2
Looking to blow my friend’s mind: what are some of the most interesting documents released by the CIA thanks to the FOIA?
"A Call for a Transformative Agenda..."
Alternate Take On the Epstein Death
Freemasons, UR-Lodges and a list of very famous freemasons
The Spy That Covered the Zodiac Murders
Remember remember the 21 of September...
NASA says 1969 moon landing lab to be demolished next year...You don’t say...
This is from a meme I saw pretty much is an interesting point about Epstein
Alarm as Trump Requests Permanent Reauthorization of NSA Mass Spying Program Exposed by Snowden
Why so obvious?
The Democratic impeachment proceedings are ill timed.
Troy Bolton is Ted Bundy
A Wisconsin Serial Killer has admitted to "Making a Murderer" Killing
Virginia Giuffre is a Hero
Trump is going to start a war with Iran in the hopes of securing a re-election.
Beware of Shills and Retards
Wisconsin Serial Killer Admits to "Making a Murderer" Killing
How 16 ships create as much pollution as all the cars in the world
The division is real. They don’t want you to know the Occam’s Razor is actually correct.
Why the mainstream dislike President Trump so much?
NFL/Trump Impeachment=BREAD AND CIRCUS
Is it just me or does it seem like a ton of Pro-MAGA people are on reddit?
Does Jeffrey Epstein signing his will on August 8, 2019 suggest that he really did commit suicide?
I think Trump just played Biden and Pelosi
"Gillette - Short Dick Man HD (Live In Brazil At Xuxa 1995)" Why on earth would anyone agree to this performance on a kids show? Twenty five years ago this happened. How much worse is it today?
What is this world?
Greta and AOC | 4 Critical Climate Numbers They Don't Know
Your TV emits a tone during a commercial break, a tone that’s inaudible to you, but your phone is listening for it. Now they can link the TV and phone as belonging to the same person.
NASA Study - Carbon Dioxide Fertilization Greening Earth
Proof that Osama bin Laden was CIA asset Tim Osman and died 13 Dec, 2001. Videos of him released after that date are obvious forgeries.
From the NonProfit Industrial Complex with Love » The Manufacturing of Greta Thunberg
No comment on that (crosspost)
From the NonProfit Industrial Complex with Love » The Manufacturing of Greta Thunberg
CAL FRIE working in Dehesa right now
Something odd w/ Nancy Pelosi speech today. Its like shes a robot and had a glitch at the end.
What do you Conspiracists think about the reason why Security Cameras aren't inside Public School Classrooms to detect and prevent bullying using video evidence? Do the teachers want to hide the truth about teacher-student bullying?
The road to the next genocde? The Climacheviki Revolution
Who Will Find What The Finders (Cult) Hide? [Full Documentary]
Bombshell!!!! Political Entryism, Rise of the Islamist, Scheer talks about Faith Goldy at ~ 2:50
Investigating the Stanley Kubrick Conspiracies of Eyes Wide Shut
TIL TVs emit a tone during ad breaks that are inaudible to humans but that smartphones are listening for; now corporate entities can link the tv &amp; phone as belonging to the same person. It means govt entities can play a tone thru the TV &amp; ping all the phones in the room, identifying the whole group.
[Robbie Parker Award] Watch Greta Thunberg's Handlers Attempt to Position Her To Confront Trump at U.N. - Who are they? Full Clip, Obvious Set Up.
HUGE CHOCOLATE EGG DIY
Wondering why Australia’s Scott Morrison is yet to do anything meaningful about climate change? Here he is at White House dinner with Trump and coal mining billionaire Gina Rinehart.
I am risking posting should a shooting happen in Austin, Texas but.....
Free speech must be banned as "community standards", then politicians get to say whatever they want on their platform. Intentionally breaking the rules just for the elections...
Transcript is there new trigger word
Lots of talk again about " Climate " , Old Video but Relevant, RIP George Carlin He was right along
It's sad that no one sees the truth
(Explanation in the comments)
Would China
Facebook will allow speech from politicians to break its 'community standards'
The Taliban is now turning to China for peace talks, as airstrikes from U.S. and NATO forces kill another 40 civilians at a wedding
So... This happened to me
Trump impeachment has come up to one, try to halt the release of the Ukraine phone call, and less obviously, two, to finally put a stop to the few people still talking about Jeffrey Epstein so that they can sweep it under the rug and get everyone focused on something else.
China is killing religious and ethnic minorities and harvesting their organs, UN Human Rights Council told. Lawyers for independent China Tribunal say UN member states have ‘legal obligation’ to act
MSM is using undiagnosed autism to hide fetal alcohol syndrome
click the timestamp &amp; spot the all-seeing eye
FAKE Conservatives Exposed !!! International Democrat Union– The Centre Right Deep State Swamp!
Thunberg - billionaires connections
American Pravda: Understanding World War II, by Ron Unz
The ball of yarn keeps unravelling
What if Greta is here in an attempt to split the conspiracy community?
Mint Press News nails it.
Vampires? Satanic-Pedo Cults? CIA?
How, why does any of this matter, in your opinion?
Well, they did it! Jeffery Epstien well and truly forgotten. Google trends last 90 days.
Just noticed how it looks like she receives a cue to step out and glare at Trump as he walks by
Fighting Back Against the Israel Lobby: Ordinary Americans Can Organize and Win
Vape bans, Nicotine Mouth Spray and the return of power back to cigarette companies and multinational corporations.
The Political Coup taking place in the UK spells danger for the U.S.
They are announcing impeachment proceedings against Trump today because he has bravely resisted the growing calls to start a new war with Iran.
"Pedophilia" and attacks on sexuality was always propaganda, the recent spam regarding it is 100% PSYOP
Ellen Degeneres The Deep State Degenerate!
The Climate Hoax for Dummies —connecting of many dots to Gore &amp; Co. (oligarchy) cornering the market on carbon credits to make trillion$ off the Paris Accord explained
Someone look up the book “baron trumps marvelous underground journey” written in the 1890s.
Is This The Last Pope? 4 Historic Prophecies Say Yes!
Why Greta is a fraud - Complaint filed with UN against top 5 polluters - China is NOT one of them
Who Is Really Behind Leaving Neverland ?
4D Chess.
The Swiss Propaganda Research report on American media being controlled by small powerful groups
George Clooney: Deep State Degenerate Predator!
Any thoughts on this?
TIL TVs emit a tone during ad breaks that are inaudible to humans but that smartphones are listening for; now corporate entities can link the tv &amp; phone as belonging to the same person. It means govt entities can play a tone thru the TV &amp; ping all the phones in the room, identifying the whole group.
Why The Elites Engage In &amp; Aid Systemic Child Sex Abuse!
I hacked a hedge fund CEO's email, he's using an IPO to avoid taxes on $160 million with Bridger Capital [emails included]
Did anyone else listen to the entire Trump U.N. speech today? He covered topics conspiracy theorists have been bludgeoned for decades over and discussed it in public.
Friendly reminder that the whole "big-tobacco is anti-vaping narrative" you see people spewing is propaganda.
.
My Climate Change Conspiracy Theory
The Deep State is shooting their last bullet! Will it work? (It won't)
A Gift to Climate Change Alarmists to Further Help them Cherry Pick their Data
Who do y'all hate more. Freemasons, Luciferians, Satanists, Christians, Jews, Muslims, and or Shills
Yesterday and earlier today I questioned groups that were heavily in favor of world leaders (Gaddafi and Trump) and now my posts are being brigaded with downvotes and some with toxicity. Nearly 50 comments all positive yet the vote count dropped down to 6 and still falling, another post hit 0 quick.
Does the universe recognize a good action? I've been wanting to turn my life around and do something good for once.
Nobel Laureate in physics declares: "Global Warming is a pseudoscience"
The Protests The Elites Don't Want You To See
Boston Dynamics: Spot Launch™ (Begs the question: if a robot is equipped with a gun, and kills someone, who is responsible for the murder?)
5g used as a weapon against humanity
Why rig a building for demolition when you can just set it on fire with a little kerosene and let the furniture and office papers do the rest of the work? Don't worry, the building will fall in Its own footprint.
Comedian David Cross sums up Donald Trump's presidency (Spotify link)
TIL TVs emit a tone during ad breaks that are inaudible to humans but that smartphones are listening for; now corporate entities can link the tv &amp; phone as belonging to the same person. It means govt entities can play a tone thru the TV &amp; ping all the phones in the room, identifying the whole group.
I'm starting to believe most devices are listening to our conversations.
Greta thunberg has sued 15 countries for not acting on climate change. China, the worlds biggest polluter, is not one of these 15 countries.
Greta Thunberg reminds me of somebody
Google Maps Man
The All-Seeing Eye in a triangle on r/Pizza
More than 500 scientists and professionals in climate and related fields have sent a “European Climate Declaration” to the Secretary-General of the United Nations asking for a long-overdue, high-level, open debate on climate change.
Pres. Trump authorizes release Wednesday of complete, fully declassified and unredacted transcript of phone call with Ukraine President Zelensky. What is Pelosi and Biden moves today?
Did President Trump leak the Ukraine scandal in an attempt to take out Joe Biden?
Anyone else see this?
Apparently there are misinformed Trump supporters that maintain he always supported Snowden.
So desperate to push the propaganda they printed it wrong
If the PTB were powerful enough to kill JE in prison, wouldn't they have known he was getting arrested and killed him sometime before?
Bill Cooper with Jordan Maxwell FULL - Mystery Babylon - Hour of the Time
What percentage of posts on the front page do you think are organic?
Conspiracy of the bigger brain
How is it that the government can fund space projects like NASA and space x but not healthcare? It’s not like they gave a couple million either we’re talking 22 BILLION dollars. Just doesn’t add up
Newly Discovered Comet Is Likely Interstellar Visitor
Does anyone feel like Greta Thunberg’s appeal feels eerily similar to the Nayirah testimony
I saw a storefront with this familiar symbol today in my city
Big brothers eyes grow ever wider.
Rep. Tlaib Out of the Blue Aggressively Questions a Witness at an Oversight Committee Whether They're a Conspiracy Theorist
Who was associated to Epstein among tge celebrities? (talking of his crimes, not private life)
The guy who made Rick and Morty and the Simpsons is dead
Imagine being so brainwashed you glue your breasts to the road because you think this will change the weather.
Greta Thunberg's whole purpose is to make us pay the cost to fix the destruction and economic chaos the energy sector and war machines have done.
The Perestroika Deception - How Communism Played Dead to Infiltrate and Subvert the West
Never forget
Spiritual war
A new study published in the peer-reviewed journal Geophysical Research Letters finds methane emissions from U.S. oil and natural gas production over the past decade are “an order of magnitude lower” than what has been reported by previous studies
Anyone else think its weird how many anti-Greta posts all saying the exact same thing all appearing at the same time?
The deep state has a history of using children.
Greta Thunberg reminds me of somebody
UK Kids As Young As Six Now Receive Mandatory "Self-Touching" Instruction In School Mommy
Signs your phone is being controlled by the government
Do you remember when it was ok to criticize a 16 year old?
Do you remember when it was ok to criticize a 16 year old?
9/11 Conspiracy Question.......Does anyone know the answer to this Instagram post? Regarding a photographer thats on the run from the government.
The Protests The Elites Don't Want You to Know About
Something nobody talks about. Isaac Kappy last video before 'suicide' shows little girls working as 'servants' in what seems to be a Masonic mansion
Here is one of St Gretas puppet masters — Ingmar Rentzhog
Can someone explain to me how Global Warming could possibly be a conspiracy?
The Gentleperson's Guide To Forum Spies - A Reminder
President Erdogan Bravely Calls Out the Israeli Occupation, Demands Fairness on Nuclear Weapons, and Decries Anti-Muslim Bigotry
Anyone else think its weird how many Greta posts saying all the same thing appear all around the same time?
The manufacturing of Greta Thunberg™ – for consent: "the behavioral change project"
As /r/conspiracy screams about globalization and a teenage girl, Trump is busy sending American troops to help Saudi Arabia, a country with ties to 9/11. Globalization for me, not for thee.
With all the news about Greta Thunberg and Climate Change, It makes me wonder... what ever happened to the "Peak Oil" hoax? Why isn't that in the news anymore?
Politicize- Plane Sight [Alchemist "Death Wish" Beat]
North Fox Island
As 911 in the media represented the false flag on that day, the number 38 points to something happening in London. It's a recurring number and I don't know yet what it means. Watch and tell me what you think.
The Perestroika Deception - How Communism Played Dead to Infiltrate and Subvert the West
Facebook just removed my comment saying it was against community standards. - All I did was link a government web page for DARPA
Why Does Dulce Maria Alavez Link Back To Bill Gates?
Hannity: Media rushes to judgment over whistleblower story
Is Greta Thunberg™ jewish?
Yeah this is fucked
Emergency, this must be exposed!
What if everyone did storm area 51 and the government is just covering it up?
THE MYSTERIOUS PLANET
Red Pill and Red Line. What was the biggest red pill or eye opening moment you remember? And what is the one thing you or someone you know, won't budge from believing and why? No attacking and raging please. Just take it as a thought experiment.
Wake up! The truth is out there and knowledge is power.
Who Killed Jeffrey Epstein?
Outpost - Ice Breaker
Can you link me to what you think is the best most definitive proof/evidemce that 9/11 was an inside job? Note: Please read below
The CIA's Appalling Human Experiments With Mind Control
As 911 represented the false flag on that day, the number 38 points to something happening in London. www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiEr4PuU9rs&amp;feature=youtu.be
37 minutes of Trump calling out the globalists and NWO at the U.N.
Dramatic video: Deadly zorb tragedy at Russian ski resort caught on camera
I never meant to call Trump a stinky mushroom
We're so fucked.
The Missing Link In The JewWario "Suicide"
Italian hunter shoots dead his father after mistaking him for boar
Greta thunberg reaction when she saw donald trump at the UN climate summit was on purpose. She was waiting for him and knew the cameras were focused on her. (see the video)
Trump was not the man everyone wanted. Trump was more like the stinky mushroom you would put up with
Christian Trumptard got plastic surgery to look like a Trump
Failed at the joining the Far-Right Ukrainian paramilitary group? No worries! Join the US Army and begin plotting against the leftists!
CT Judge drops sex assault charges against rabbi: Can anyone understand/explain the legalities of this? Smells fishy.
Covert wars and California hurricanes: A "strange anomaly" could lead to the first ever recorded hurricane in California. It's a remote possibility that this ocean warming "anomaly" might be due to volcanic activity, and this activity could be being triggered or stimulated deliberately.
Pesticide vs. Vitamins- do you peel the top layer of fruit/vegetable?
Trump's Daughter Dodges Kiss (VIDEO)
This carbon rating system is the reason why they push climate change agenda so hard
UK, France, Germany Say It's "Clear" Iran Attacked Saudis, Yet Provide Zero Evidence: It's extraordinary how fucking stupid and apathetic people are for them to even stomach the drivel and propaganda spewed by these genocidal war criminals
Does anyone know who this is next to Tiffany Trump? It's not Melania Trump, is it?
"Nobody wants to normalize pedophilia"
Donald Trump literally says in this interview he pledges allegiance to Putin and doest care about America. Yet he still has followers.. It is just fucking amazing
Trumps speech to UN just now. What a piece of propaganda against socialism. “Venezuela is a failing state!” Forgets US demands others maintain economic noose around their necks strangling their economy. What other pieces of propaganda stood out?
French police search Jeffrey Epstein's Paris apartment.
Here is more American military members who died because of the provocations of war under dictator Trump. Are you happy now?
With all this climate change push, let's not forget the biggest depopulation tactic that the elite use, and is still using now to great efficiency.
Humans Rights Today in the West
Was tv/internet meant to control us?
Never thought I would say this but
Here is the actual helmet cam to all the russian propagandist pieces of shit who call me liar. These men died under the orders of Trump and there is no words that you can say that will change it.
If reddit wants everyone to have a say by voting, why do they censor people?
US troops being ambushed and killed in Niger under Trumps inability to care about their direction. Atleast we have the statistics
Remember, it's been 45 days since Epstein died. The media's constant bombardment of mass shootings, Iran, and climate change has once again swept away another high profile care. The 24 hour news cycle exists so that we don't get fixated on one topic for too long.
TRUMP STEAKs!!!
Firefox calls BS on Google's full-page privacy ads in the Washington Post
TRUMP STEAKS!!!
Give treats to the soldiers.
What I Believe The Goal Of This Latest Climate Change Push Really Involves
This is my newest video. \targeted individuals. Never gonna kill me
According to the climate scientists procreating is the most destructive thing you can do for the environment. Global pop is 7 bil &amp; by 2100 will be 11 bil per UN. You can’t be an environmentalist &amp; support universal healthcare unless sterilizations are a mandatory part of your healthcare.
Reddit is again pushing propaganda to encourage people to vote
So....
Start here. Trust me. Let us band together
Valve and NL/BE
Gang Stalking, Targeted Individual
I see a lot of people on here that support one random thing blindly even though they are conscious about every other conspiracy. I'm curious as to what your red line is truth seekers. What's the one thing you won't budge on?
This is a message to everyone who feels threatened and targeted by the government or powers that be like I do. There is a big community out there that considers themselves "Targeted Individuals"...Join the TI
Remember When They Used and Manipulated a 15 Year Old Girl to Propel the US into the First Gulf War - The Nayirah Testimony
Many of my facts were removed from this sub and I am not sure why. If you are interested in exposing the new world order that has been planning to enslave you since even before Hitler days then just check my channel.
Not sure if this is the right place or not but I'd like to be able to find this 4chan post
'We're a team': Barack Obama to Greta Thunberg. Colluding for emotional manipulation of the public in plain sight.
Questions regarding shift in statistical data after news on that Greta chick.
Saudis were pushing the US to provide assistance for their military campaigns in Yemen at least since 2009
There is tons of evidence of Trump relations between Putin and Trump prior to 2013. But lets start in 2013. During Trumps campaign he said he has no relationship with Putin and never knew him. I guarantee you this was false. Let us start in the text.
Tulsi Gabbard tells Trump that "you are not our pimp" and "we our not your prostitutes"...very interested to see how the russian bots spin these factual comments....here we go
Libertarian and Republican candidate for presidency admits that Trump should be put to death for treason. I 100 percent agree with this patriots feeling about justice and rule of law. Mostly I agree on his aggressiveness towards patriotism and no nazi or traitor can tell us different.
Trump University Instructor gets grilled and exposed before they got found guilty as con artists and forced to pay back all the victims
“Global Warming” vs Our Standard of Living
Climate change is not related to humans, this discourse is used to curb the development of underdeveloped countries.
What if everything really is run by a cabal but...
Does this count? It's about a very humble French Footballer who might be an AI
Samantha Bee uncovered Russian trolls that were influencing the American election even before it was exposed by the "deep state". I remember this
A bravo 3 minutes Video to explain about Jeffrey Epstein
Remove every rule 2 violation or remove the rule.
Are we being spied everywhere we go?
Obama should have given Snowden a complete pardon. Since he did not do that he has now given his life into the hands of people who would love to see him dead but will use him as a pawn. Sad for America all around
Cultural subversion, the next stage: Generational division
Most credible whistle blower the world has ever seen...Edward Snowden exposes Trump/Putin and the new world order that is taking us over
These arrests that supposedly foil an imminent "mass shooting" are just preparing the public for red flag laws and pre-crime arrests. The teen girl arrested in Oklahoma yesterday is a perfect example.
Whatever happened to Anonymous?
Rupert Murdoch (owner of FOX) recently held a party where his guest Prince of Saudi Arabia tried to encoueage The Rock to run for office
"Inside Edition" was one of many opinion news organizations that gave Trump very high praise....guess who was the producer of Inside Edition? Her name was Lara Trump
The grand conspiracy is so simple
Donald Trump calls Paula Jones a loser (I will keep posting no matter how many of you threaten me) (video in comments)
Fck Right Wing and Left Wing
Trump in 2013 cumming over Russia and proving what a traitor he is that should be tried for treason (death penalty)
Russia is the main benefactor of climate change
Free exchange trading course
Iraq went to Euro in 2000, Iran went to Euro/non USD in 2012
TIL: There is an unlikely doomsday scenario: Could the Earth flip?
First evidence...Trump (who claimed to never know Putin) in a music video of the son of Putins right hand man from 2015 (in comments)
Trump again praises Putin (It would be even worse if he said these things many years earlier, we know he did)
Something strange about “names” associated with Doomsday Seed Vault
Something strange about “names” associated with Doomsday Seed Vault
Prince Alwaleed and Donald Trump were very well know for their influence over Michael Jackson and friendships with epstein....MSB is the new saudi guy who is close with Trump, Putin , Fox, etc...look it up...never ends
Since I can't keep track of my posts that get BANNED...I will just post random info into the proof that Trump,Giuliani, Saudis did 9/11....and the saudis close partner RUSSIA
Whistleblower
My posts keep being removed. How can I continue?
In this video you can see Prince Al-waleed bin talal of saudi arabia showing sympathy to 9/11 victims....Him and his royal partners were living in trump tower at the time and gave "hundreds of thousands" of dollars to giuliani as sympathy to victims
Let's start with Zacarias Moussaoui. The man who was connected to al qaeda and saudi royal family who never followed through in the 9/11 attack.
Why don't we have more sane voices like this in the media ? # Environment #GretaThunberg
I am sick of being silenced on many subs online about how Trump, Giuliani and their saudi royal friends were responsible for 9/11. Get ready for a very long evidence based rant that can be taken into consideration and documented accordingly
Unacknowledged (2017) Documentary - focuses on the historic files of the Disclosure Project and how UFO secrecy has been ruthlessly enforced - and why
r/news post about Greta Thunberg is from half a year ago.
[Video] Vampires Take Over Fort Collins - Free The Nip Being Exploited To Normalize Pedophilia
Today's obesity epidemic may have been caused by childhood sugar intake, the result of dietary changes that took place decades ago. Since the 1970s, many available infant foods have been extremely high in sugar, and high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) after 1970 quickly become the main sweetener.
What do you guy's think of this U.S. Army bomber plot story?
An infographic visualizing the volume of fuel that contributed to the collapse of the World Trade Center
Is it just me, or does it seem like the recent news about Trump calling Ukrainian government officials to smear Biden is a tactic by the DNC to get us all used to Trump vs Biden in the general election?
Former US Secretary of state, Madeleine Albright: 500,000 dead children in Iraq "Worth it"
China WW3
How weird is it that the media has all but forgotten about this already!?
NASA admits that climate change occurs because of changes in Earth’s solar orbit, and NOT because of SUVs and fossil fuels
Colombia's narcos put Elliott Abrams in checkmate, again
Joseph Gradisher
Why is Alex Jones still on youtube but all the conspiracy videos are gone?
This is why the environment takes a back seat to capitalism. You make UP TO 600 a week while explorers make a million a week. This isn't about climate change, it's about the earth belonging to everyone and a few people taking advantage of that.
Did you guys see that Terrence Howard interview at the Emmys on Sunday?
Who are 'The WingMakers' ? And how are they connected to.. Jeffrey Epstein?
If you comment on Greta in anyway mentioning how she’s a tool for the ruling elite, she’s fake, or how she sounds like a robot...
Hollywood nailed it in 1970s...Life goes on with Greenhouse Effect. No power, no meat, no butter, no eggs, Soylent Green for dinner...same as Progressive's Green New Deal.
Australian Pedophile Ring - Critical Information on a Secret Pedophile Network
Supreme Court of the United Kingdom, notice anything?
Alex Newman : Rescuing Our Children (Christian Perspective)
[META] The totally organic posts about Greta Thunberg
Trump Blurts Out to Reporters That He Pressured Ukraine to Smear Biden
Are the "powers that be" trying to destroy the entertainment industry?
Are the that be trying to destroy the entertainment industry?
Epstein Connections - How Deep Does This Go?
Elon Musk says within the next 20 years, the human population will collapse
Why has this sub turned halfway into a schizophrenic support group?
A Conspiracy I haven’t heard of from anyone
Short video of the Dr (that beat a world leading climate scientist in court) talking about the climate change swindle
Is the new army green colored iphone a primer for a civil war?
Politician Beto O' Rourke And Actor Ben Affleck Look Very Similar To Each Other.
Late Night "comedian" grooms children as a "joke" for a skit.
Californication
Just noticed something strange in the Fox News comment section
So we just gon’ ignore that this dude in Africa is half transparent on a photo when the Google Earth car was stopped lmaoo
Potential Truth About "Greta"
Mutilated cattle in Oregon.
Try something real quick: use your preferred search engine to look up "Facebook" in "news". Then try "Facebook employee". Okay: now try "Facebook employee suicide."
Gluten Intolerance is really GLYPHOSATE POISONING
Looking for a post about the oceans becoming acidic and a scientist being ignored at a talk where the host called the police. Anyone have a link? It was about climate change and I can’t seem to find it now.
Dave Chappelle
Just know, the more empty seats you see at NFL games, means the more fellow 'conspiracy theorists' we are adding to our ranks every week. We. Are. Winning!
God is round, whole, satan is exact, precise, knowledge, to know, the apple. Envelope it be round, be whole, unified
Obvious things that people ignore: social media and government are the same entity.
Your body is a temple, awaken your shoulder like a barren valley and stand up
greta thunberg is an actor.
Good documentaries or videos on Antarctica??
[META]Q believers! can we get an update? how are DECLAS and the Underground War doing? when are the arrests starting?
Tekashi 69. What is going on?
InterNet, network, net, hunting net. cellphone, cell, prison cell. Electro magnetic, attracted by the electrode, the light, the false light
The Nazi Roots of Environmentalism and the Climate Change Fraud
What's the most compelling theory about the reality we live in?
Jimmy Dore on the current MSM propaganda, with appropriate outrage
Why is everyone so convinced climate change is fake?
Biggest, Deadliest, Worst Unknown Conspiracy: You People and Your Bullshit
1. Write a book with your kids 2. Quit your job as an opera singer 3. Have your kid stage a protest 4. Release your book 5. Profit
Fathers such as a Mad Dog allowed Afghans to rape boys on their military base and it was only due to public outrage that soldier who intervened had his career intact.
The Media Is Shunning Andrew Yang
Propaganda
Why do people care about the details of who Greta Thunberg is when she is fighting for climate change awareness?
You are Powerful!
Who controls the leftist, Marxist media and think-tanks and what is their agenda?
The grand conspiracy is so simple
Deep state attempts to use child to emotionally manipulate the public...
[Theory] What if hired trolls are phone-brigading the offices of Dem Congressmen and making them actually believe that their constituencies aren't ready for impeachment yet?
Sometimes it feels like I'm in bizarro world when I see posts about any world leader being a good person. Just because someone has good ideas doesn't make them a hero.
Four Climate Scientists Debunk Climate Change
16-warning-signs-of-cancer-you-shouldnt-ignore
Trump getting impeached
The cover ups continue
We are electromagnetic beings even our spirit and soul, learn how to manipulate that and you become (evil) god
What serious conspiracy podcasts do you recommend?
I’ve been exploring through the Maps app on my IPhone for the past few days and have found some mysterious blurred out islands... what do you think? From the images it looks as if the airport is abandoned... Area 51 may be a decoy and the government could be hiding the secrets in islands like theese
White liberals twerking for climate change &amp; making cars idle in traffic to save the planet. procreating is one of the most destructive things you can do for the environment. This vid shows why humanity isn’t worth preserving. Let’s procreate ourselves into extinction.
It's all true!!
Can someone please direct me to
The Hegelian Dialectic "No one is trying to take your guns away"
Looking for interesting files in CIAs CREST database
A really weird thread about Greta the climate girl and her Masonic ties
I was sent to a behavioral modification center. Was it really a cult?
God is just like us like how when someone talks the perfect talk but doesn’t act, it’s deceitful. That person would have been better off acting dumb than making elaborate promises with nothing to back it up.
#RealityZero, perhaps for some..
Is dirt dirt
Pedophile Alert: Knox County, Kentucky, Pastor Jailed for Sexually Abusing his 14 year-old Adopted Daughter.
With everyone protesting about climate change or talking about the China prisoner incident, have you all forgotten about Epstein?
Looking for video of British-Arab guy trying to buy a baby
This was later deleted and they apologized but take a look
Maybe an old/repost, but still very much relevant - Google Chrome is ALWAYS listening
Greta Thunberg Connection to the Masonic Cabal
9/11 conspiracy discussed this Wednesday night live at 8:30pm CDT, 9:30pm EDT
Watch how a demon reacts to the truth and those who speak it. The body language of this goblin is unmistakable and not scripted. Gretta Thunberg is a possessed goblin who we should all pray for.
Join us Wednesday night on Lose The Radio Network on Facebook for a discussion on 9/11 conspiracies. www.facebook.com/losetheradio
Gates Foundation Awarding Narendra Modi To Push There Vaccination Agenda In India
It’s hilarious to look at all the comments and realizing just how uneducated the majority of the world is on topics like this
Pozner v. Halbig
Took a pic of the beach last week around noonish and just noticed that dot at the bottom, any ideas to what that could be
[Meta] INB4 This Sub Gets Flooded Tomorrow (Reminder to Upvote Consciously)
AJ +(Al Jazeera)true agenda hiding under their liberal news outlet image feeding you fun facts and uplifting stories on Facebook
Somebody is paying these leaders in charge for this vaping flavor ban disaster.
just learned about google's "controversial twiddler" blacklist
I'm always asking dumb questions but screw it.
Blast From the Past
Curb your evidence | Mike Pompeo
Curb your evidence | Mike Pompeo
Curb your evidence | Mike Pompeo
just watched my first clip of the Greta girl giving speeches while high af and it seems so fake.
Are secret military mutants known as "Psibers" being made underground?
MKULTRA Discord
Gates Foundation Awarding Narendra Modi To Push There Vaccination Agenda In India
Hmm yeah nah mate. River running red. Not a good sign.
Squaaad
Greta thunberg the actress.
Please provide link to video of Iran unable to shoot down “drone”
Is everything hanging by a thread?
The Big Banks Own Twitter, Not Jack Dorsey
If the Facts Come Out, it Could Spell the End for Joe Biden
It looks like r/math is censoring this reddit account for some reason. Any ideas as to why this is happening?
A History And Overview of Pedophilia in Canada
This ladies and gentlemen is what you call REAL investigative journalism. I can listen to Whitney Webb all day. Hard facts.
Videos that you wish you saw years earlier.
Pedo Canada = Justin Trudeau | The history and tragedy of pedophilia in Canada - More than you'll ever want to know
An anecdote the city I live in shared to gain support for their new Ring/doorbell camera program they are trying to roll out at the police department. Round up the 9 year olds for throwing rocks.
This facebook ad
Watchout
Does anyone on here refuse or avoid to talk about certain things on reddit or anywhere else online with concern that it could/would be used against you in any circumstances in the future?
Mein Climate Change
Philip Schneider credible?
Examples of when scientists, engineers, or some other authoritative figures ridiculed or "proved" certain claims false, such as the existence of meteorites, traveling to space or landing on the Moon, manned flight without the assistance of balloons, etc. Such claims were often ridiculed for decades.
UK Parents Shocked To Find Out 240 Primary Schools Teach 6 Year Old Kids To Jerk Off And Finger Bang Themselves | What's to be shocked about? It is the UK!
HISTORIAS DE TERROR CORTAS | NARRACIONES DEL CUERVO | EL CORAZON DELATOR
Terrance Howard interview on the red carpet at Emmys 2019 - Discussing Mathematics/Science (0:49)
Why is CO2 the enemy? CO2 greenhouse effect will warm the oceans up creating more water vapor which turns to rain. Why is this bad?
My School has something going on behind the scenes, I can tell.
UK Parents Shocked To Find Out That 240 Primary Schools Teach 6 yo To Jerk Off And Finger Bang Themselves - Russia Today | What's to be shocked about? It is the UK!
Bird of a Feather....Ohio Meteorologist Busted for Child Porn Seen Here With Jared From Subway
Leaked NASA paper from 2000, is this what JUUL is doing??
Private Prisons Youtube adds?
Claims that boys were murdered by VIP sex ring are credible and true - (repost from 2014)
r/Badvolf aka a former palm beach cop . Claim to have 2.5 tb worth of Epstein Evidence Also claims to have dead men switch.
Giuliani Hits Bidens With New $3 Million "Ukraine-Latvia-Cyprus" Money Laundering Accusation. "Biden scandal only beginning. Lots more evidence on Ukraine like today’s money laundering of $3 million."
anybody else feels like some major tragedy, e. g. a mass shooting, is coming now that there’s a huge scandal with Trump and Ukraine? they’ll try to drive our attention away from this
What is with the constant posts about Greta Thunberg recently?
Climate Change Tool Greta Funburg's Oscar Worthy Acting Performance Rivals That Of White Helmets In Syria
Disappearing illegal aliens
Is this the end of us?
Let’s say ETs are real, how high ranking of a figure in society or military would you have to be, to interact with them or be informed of their actions or business.
Greta Thunberg Rips World Leaders at the U.N. Over Climate Change
The 20 Year Magic Trick:
What happened to @TheSunVanished on Twitter?
NY Fed to pump $75 bn into money markets daily through Oct 10
Catholic church abuse..
On the alleged Drone Strikes on the Saudi Oil Refineries- "It was analyzed by @StevePieczenik that the installation(s) were likely not hit by any (external) weapons. Aramco was to go to the stock exchanged, but failed to reach a good price."
At the last #NoAgenda episode, it was analyzed by @StevePieczenik that "the installation(s) were likely not hit by any (external) weapons. Aramco was to go to the stock exchanged, but failed to reach a good price."
Where have the birds gone?
“US Trafficking Weapons to ISIS, Al Qaeda” — Bulgarian journalist tracks down all the official documents to reveal the complex weapons trafficking. But Americans will continue to live in willful ignorance
The Royal Puppet Parody Presents... Uncle Andrew / Epstein Delight
Has anyone here used a tin foil hat? Were there any benefits? (serious)
Yemeni Houthis Are Trying To WARN Saudi Arabia About Iran, WSJ Claims
Thought this was funny
We are all complicit. Everyone who is aware that intelligence agencies are raping young boys and girls as a means to compromise politicians, and fails to do something, is playing part in the perpetuation of this evil. I’m in no way exempt from this.
The Elite don't want you to know how powerful you really are, how powerful your thoughts are, or how much you can help create peace on Earth.
Fish are Aliens!
Does anyone have video or link to how opiates are manufactured?
"Apparently she won an essay competition" Listen folks : You are smart, educated and most likely older than fifteen. You can write the best can on 'climate change' you won't reach nowhere.
CNN Deems It A "Conspiracy Theory" To Question Biden Ties To Ukraine
Stop eating meat &amp; pay more taxes to change the weather.
okay now you start sounding like a cult
The Perestroika Deception - Russia Actually Won the Cold War - Fema Region 6
Netflix - The Keepers Series - New Information is pointing to an MK Ultra Project. Looking for Johns Hopkins and CIA Psychiatrists near Gibson Island, Maryland.
Not a conspiracy, but important nonetheless. How do we organize and fight the powers? Preferably peacefully of course. This sub has many followers. What if we actually united and took action instead of just talked about the corruption for eternity with no change?
Why I may be “Epsteined” soon | FBI, Police, CBP, &amp; Judicial Corruption| Please upvote
How the Government Made You Fat, (maybe on purpose?)
This guy is very weird
Is Greta Thornburg playing the Globalist long-game? How long before all this eco-fascist propaganda creates eco-fascist terrorism. Seems like the logical next step if you listen to their rhetoric
Trump Admin Caught Supplying Islamic Terrorists: US Trafficking Weapons to ISIS, Al Qaeda, West’s Plan to Pull Iran Away from China
health
How long has all this been going on?
Conspiracy: this sub has been infiltrated by paid bernie bros
Mueller Indictment Shows Russian Trolls boosted Bernie
9/11 Echoes: Pentagon Proposed Pretexts for Cuba Invasion in 1962
How did you guys become woke/an independent thinker?
Theory of Quantized Inertia by M.E. McCulloch
Discovering Paranormal, Guest Justin Ori
Gaddafi launched a programme to privatize all Libyan oil to every citizen of Libya. This would initially provide $21,000 to every citizen from a total of $32 billion in 2011. Newlyweds received U.S $50,000 from the government. Having a home was considered a human right.
Greta™ reminds me of Nayirah al-Ṣabaḥ's false testimony ...be weary of propped-up children crying for cameras.
Back in 1984 Bayer ‘knowingly sold HIV tainted medication’ which ended up infecting tens of thousands people
The American Revolution was a lie.
Hundreds of people died at this Himalayan lake and nobody knows why
Jeremy Corbyn Smeared As Anti Semite For Attacking Bankers
Jeremy Corbyn Smeared As Anti Semite For Attacking Bankers
Comedian David Cross sums up Donald Trump's presidency (Spotify link)
Radical barrister says eating meat should be illegal as he calls for new 'ecocide' law
Aleister Crowley, The Book Of Lies, Revealing The Occult Part 2
The same scientists who falsely 'proved' Agent Orange perfectly safe are currently in charge of vaccine safety at the CDC
Dr. Judy Woods™ arranged for the murder (allegedly) of her 9/11 Truth students.
Health Officials Plotted to Create Phony Studies to Exonerate Vaccines – Report
Merck’s former LEAD Supervisor for Vaccine Safety NEVER vaccinates his own children due to sterility concerns
Nordic Illuminati Propaganda Girl — she comes from a family of actors &amp; performers. This is peak white liberalism. Proof white liberalism is a mental illness.
Confessions of the Vaccine-Educated
The murder of three environmentalist women in the 1970s and 1980s, what happened?
Short Video - What's In A Flu Shot?
The BBC Files: Incompetent British Government Science
Accountability of a member of a royal family
Is the nicotine industry behind the recent backlash against vaping?
Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes is actually Warriors point guard Stephen Curry
Just a reminder that being anti Israel or anti Zionism is not being an anti-Semite. No matter how hard the jidf or adl tries to push that narrative.
democrat fake news edits trumps lighting to make him more orange.
My grandfather has cancer and probably 2-3 years to live. He's willing to try alternative therapies... what do you guys suggest?
DAVID ICKE | True Geordie Podcast #118
What climate change really means
Greta Thunberg?
Jeffrey Epstein Weird DEATH Fact.....Get in here!!!
Flashback: When Bernie Sanders praised Fidel Castro
Antarctica - Unmarked Locations
Just came across this, what are your thoughts on bin laden and his true role 🤔
WOTR Presents: Mystery Babylon Hour 4: Osiris and Isis Part I 4/5
More things Facebook is hiding from us
The area 51 massacre was covered up with a party.
"Geo-engineering" to fight climate change
Interesting old topic about 2 green children/aliens? Fascinating folk lore.
I had a thought and want to post it before it dies of loneliness.
U.S.Navy Confirms UFO Sightings By Pilots, WTF?
Estimated Percentage of Disinformation Agents?
Good Illuminati Videos?
I now need to rethink my childhood, thanks.
Thousands of Swiss protest 5G wireless over health fears
They say the tiny increase in the tiny amount of CO2 in the atmosphere creates a reflective blanket trapping heat in. And it is all your financial responsibility. But what about this blanket around earth?
JFK
Fridays For Future - 666
Wikipedia setting the stage early
How many of you have contemplated how you'd behave with absolute power and wealth?
Ex-Florida police chief: Jeffrey Epstein likely tipped off during 2005 child sex probe
The government just admitted it will use smart home devices for spying | Trevor Timm
The UK government just admitted it will use smart home devices for spying | Trevor Timm
Alan Watt talks about why the elites may really be pushing electric vehicles
Spiderman Far from home Illuminati references
Koch Industries: Secretly Funding the Climate Denial Machine
Depopulation theory
Chick-fil-A sales have more than doubled since LGBT boycott began
Unexplained Black Figure Filmed in the Sky
Queen heads to church service at Balmoral with royals, but no sign of Prince Andrew
Donald Trump appoints Robert O'Brien as the new national security adviser to replace John Bolton. Do you think O'Brien is the right person for this position?
The establishment is smearing Bernie's base as racist and homophobic because they can't get Bernie anywhere on policy or substance
How is this a conspiracy? What ever happened to NWO, illuminati, JFK, stargates, etc? Please take all you geopolitical jabbering somewhere else.
MH370 disappearance - 20 experts from Freescale Semiconductors on board
16 Scientific Facts About The Starchild Skull That Most Get Wrong
Is there fluoride in refrigerator filters?
Deep fake technology pushed to public to deny accountability when blackmailers release compromising evidence.
Illuminati/Freemason Symbolism in New Batman Video
The God Of Freemasonry Exposed
Secret FBI Subpoenas for Personal Data Go Far Beyond Previously Known: The information includes usernames, locations, IP addresses and records of purchases. There's no judge approval and they come with a gag order. Fewer than 20 entities have ever revealed that they’ve received the subpoenas.
Is This Proof Of A Secret Space Program? This is film from NASA's LROC Program. Lat -9.46792 Lon 35.85324 The program will hide this if you zoom in close. Use keyboard ctrl/+ keys for a closer look. Thoughts?
This video undercuts China's (and Reddit's) narrative: Satellite sleuths verify chilling video of blindfolded Uyghurs
[META] How many r/conspiracy rule violations does it take to get banned from this subreddit?
What do you guys think?
Wow, just come out and say it 👌🏼
This article reads like a propaganda piece where everything must be judged on how well it aligns to the identity politics the BBC peddles
What are your thoughts on climate change, it's existence and the proposed ways of dealing with it?
ABC News’ Tom Llamas reports on troubling questions regarding Hunter Biden’s foreign business dealings while his father, Joe Biden, was vice president. As Llamas notes, it raises the question, “was Hunter Biden profiting off his dad’s work as vice president and did Joe Biden allow it?”
Julian Assange is now in prison purely for publishing secrets of the US state
Can someone shed some light on the whole Jesuit conspiracy?
Worth it
Ex Israeli intelligence and arms dealer Ari Ben-Menashe claims to know first hand that Epstein worked for Israel.
Thought she looked familiar...
Massive "I Love America" Facebook page, pushing pro-Trump propaganda, is run by Ukrainians
What if there are AI:s that already have decided to kill humans
Just a video of Bernie Sanders having his honeymoon in the Soviet Union
Where do old people get thier pictures? The Cartell!
New video blows open the Order from Chaos agenda....Order From Chaos: I Pet Goat II, Super Bowl 53, False Flags And Illuminati Elite Rituals
40 unpatriotic things Trump has done to embarrass Americans
"Details about President Trump's attempts to get Ukraine to investigate the son of one of his potential 2020 rivals keep getting worse for the President." “It doesn’t matter what I discussed,” said Trump. "The White House is doing everything it can to prevent the truth from coming out."
President Trump appears increasingly desperate to deflect questions about his flagrant abuse of power, withholding aid to Ukraine as he pressed that country’s new president to open an investigation into the false claim about Joe Biden.
The last installment of William Coopers ADL expose. This information couldn't be more pertinent today... It's a pressing concern that Cooper lays out perfectly in this hour episode
arxiv: The Prevalence of Errors in Machine Learning Experiments
I found out witch chimpmunk was getting the best head
One small step for podcasts one giant leap for truth seekers. We will slowly peel away the layers protecting the truth! Next we hit 420 then 6969 then 69420
Intravenous Vitamin C is a cancer killer and the FDA wants it banned
Top 20 Countries With The Highest Immigrant Population, 1990-2019, Animated Stats
Nazi techniques 2K19
The Eagles did not cover the spread...
The CDC says "up to 40 percent of annual deaths from each of five leading US causes are preventable." Maybe they could back off their anti-vape propaganda and prevent these children from "going missing".
BREAKING NEWS: Fucking Idiots have taken over human decision making.
Barr investigating Joseph Mifsud - the man at the root of the Russia fiasco- is he originally from the CIA? Muller “stopped short” of looking into him (strangely enough)
9/11 Timeline
Putin Meets With Israeli Lobby for free Trade Zone and financing support programs.
Alex Jones loses his appeal of Sandy Hook defamation lawsuit — and he has been ordered to pay up
666 is 6 cubed which equals 216. The rabbit hole just got a lot deeper.
Magic School Bus conspiracy
The Purple Revolution - Be Aware of the Symbolism.
Reading the quantum computing post got me thinking, what inventions/ technological breakthroughs could governments be hiding for their own use?
Thousands of Swiss protest 5G wireless over health fears
The Global Warming Scam - answered!
Trump’s Iran war is what’s keeping Pelosi and established dems from impeaching him
Are humans REALLY at the top of the 'food chain'?
Global Announcement - Avoid Edinburgh Scotland for the next 2 weeks. Possible dummy run.
The DuPont C8 Conspiracy - C8 is a dangerous, deadly chemical which is found in our water in many locations throughout the United States of America - and its effects are hideous. Check the map in this post to see if it's been detected where you and the people you care about are living.
Strange how so many powerful and influential people participated in this “debunked” conspiracy.
Robert Maxwell used to own that airline that randomly just shut down today
Ten Reasons Libya Under Gaddafi Was a Great Place to Live | On 21 February 2011, Gaddafi launched a programme to privatize all Libyan oil to every citizen of Libya. This would initially provide $21,000 to every citizen from a total of $32 billion in 2011
[Trailer] Metropolis (1927) Colorized &amp; Dubbed - MetropolisRemix
Recent trump scandals and impeding impeachment is to distract us from Epstein and the 0 progress they’ve made with releasing names or trying anyone involved
Libya, the untold story. A Debt Free nation ransacked! - YouTube
"Plane Sight" 9/11 truth
I could be wrong
How They Created A Culture Of Degenerates! (Great interview)
Just a question
"Plane Sight" Fight Back!
"PLANE SIGHT" ROTHSCHILDS ILLUMINATI
Is there truly no way out?
Do her funders really believe people don’t see the psychological intent behind the use of this kid to further their narrative?
If you deny that the US military is part of the Deep State, then how can we agree on anything?
Documents show during the past 106 years, over 800 feature films received support from the Department of Defense
Midsommar: Initiation into the Ancient Religion of the Future
Biden proved Democrats are hunting Trump as a Witch.
First confirmed casualty at Area 51 raid
Amazon's Alexa knows the height of most people. Ask her how tall the evil, despicable Adolf Hitler was and she'll tell you 5 feet, 9 inches. Ask Alexa how tall the great South African anti-apartheid Socialist leader Nelson Mandela was and she'll, very wrongly, say 2 feet, 4 inches
Tulsi Gabbard: Trump's Saudi Arabia troop deployment could ‘lead us to an all-out inferno of a war’
Question about Trump and the media
What is the 411 on this image
MAKE THIS VIRAL:WOMAN DUMPED ON GROUND TO DIE AT HOSPTIAL.
We need some answers here, has anybody seen this before?
What was the consensus on the Dome of the Rock ufo sightings in 2011?
I hesitate to ask, but... What does this sub think about "gangstalking" and remote neural monitoring? I'm going through it, I'm quite same and reasonable, and doggone it, people like me :)
Pedophile Alert: Mueller witness George Nader charged with transporting 14-year-old boy for sex, child porn
Keep seeing fear mongering posts about war with Iran. We are still not at war w/ Iran. Iran/China want Biden to win so we can all be slaves so Iran/China are trying to provoke Trump into war. Trump hasn’t taken the bait. He just increases sanctions. Time to Magnitsky Act Iran/China.
Were the young people in Weimar Germany mocked and belittled for just being "lazy" like the millennials are?
How does evolution explain eyes?
Could anybody help me locate any conspiracy theory channels on Youtube? Most of the ones I was on have been deleted.
The Authentic and Complete History of the A.M.O.R.C. (Illuminati) by H. Spencer Lewis, F.R.C. 2/5
[28/29][MF4F][Tennessee Valley USA] - Looking for an athletic / slender woman to join us
Pedophile Alert: Hays County, Texas: Sheriff’s Office Arrest Former Hays County Party Leader For Aggravated Sexual Assault Of Child
Muammar Gaddafi was actually a hero, and Libya has been absolutely F'd without him
Taxation is theft, fight me.
If you understood humanity as (eternally potentially) warring tribes, and if you valued humanity and wanted all of it/us to thrive, what strategies would you promote/pursue?
Sex Freak in Idaho
TRUMP IS A REPTILIAN!!
The Netflix Simpson show. Disenchanted.
On 9/11/2001, Donald Trump called WWOR/UPN 9 NY about the World Trade Center Collapses
looking for video suggestions
Government kidnapping citizens
Midsommar: Initiation into the Ancient Religion of the Future
TheOdd1sOut was paid by Netflix to say he liked The Dark Crystal so children would be interested in the upcoming series. Reddit was then used to promote TheOdd1sOut to the frontpage to remind people who he was and trigger the memory.
What if
Is the Star of David a Jewish or Biblical Symbol? Or An Occult Satanic Symbol?
The Woke Cult Has Targeted Your Children -
666 Beautiful Reasons to Boycott satanic )ews &amp; Hollywood!
Nordic Illuminati Propaganda Child — climate alarmists are white eugenics supremacists. They use climate change as a tool for population control. Just listen to the Corbett Report. Big oil Rockefeller’s &amp; other rich people started climate change alarmism b/c they want to control who breeds.
Shortly Before the Boston Marathon Bombings
This is what Tom Delonge says is behind the UFO phenomena and the history of the cover up. Tom released the footage that the Navy confirmed was real this week.
Gimbal theory
Just before the Boston Marathon Bombings...
The similarities between the lives and assassinations of Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy are more proof that we could be living in a simulation.
ALEISTER CROWLEY | THE BOOK OF LIES | REVEALING OCCULT PART 1
[9/11 Derivative] "Al-Qaida, literally "the database", was originally the computer file of the thousands of mujahideen who were recruited and trained with help from the CIA to defeat the Russians" - Robin Cook, 2005 (R.I.P.)
Just in time for the 2020 election: 'Perfectly real' deepfake images and video will arrive in 6 months to a year, technology pioneer Hao Li says
Former propagandist for the KGB explains how to subvert a society
They aren't after your guns. They want something else.
Erik Möller, No. 2 at Wikipedia, a defends pedophilia
Serious question: who is buying all the alleged organs from the mass harvesting going on? Super rich that drink too much expensive wine and just swap out their livers regularly?
*~* We Exist Because We Don't *~*
CIA Reveals Name of Former Spy in JFK Files—And He's Still Alive Richard Gibson, an editor at the Agence France-Presse, has CIA code name QRPHONE-1, and made nearly $1000 a month as a CIA asset in the media How much do you reckon media assets get now?
Are Pleiadians part of the deception?
Notice want invest i n malaysia.
Anybody else think Giuliani is the whistle blower?
It's Epstain
Enjoy your football and your emmys. We will all burn here in the USA if we continue to do nothing
I’ve always been intrigued by this one. the men in black. Who and what do u think they are. What did u think they done. Do you think their just random people. Leave your conspiracy below.
How to Spot Conflicts of Interest, on a Sunday afternoon.
Predictive programming of 9/11. The movie Fight Club had a message of destroying all financial records by demolishing high rises. 2.3 Trillion dollars went "missing" the day before 9/11. The Lone Gunmen show also predicted 9/11. What do both of these have in common? Rupert Murdoch, 20th Century Fox
How are both of these photos real?
I have a quick question regarding the validity of the memoirs of the Holocaust survivors.
The true motivation behind the climate agenda
The Truth About Why Africa is Poor
Do most people here dislike flat-earthers?
Joe Biden is a disgusting POS who is openly apart of the elite pedo club
Post more.
Autumnal Equinox - What To Watch For - Witchcraft, Floods, World Meetings &amp; More
Queen heads to church service at Balmoral with royals, but no sign of Prince Andrew
Russian no sleep experiment
Luisa-Marie Neubauer belongs to the far left George Soros funded “ONE” foundation
Interesting x post
What I post here at Conspiracy are the real conspiracies, the real big, real harmful ones, which real people are fighting. My submissions focus on what is proven, is dangerous, and what must be stopped. I am not here for any other reason than this, and I will be here until I draw my last breath.
Greta Thunberg exposed
FBI Served Secret Subpoenas to a Video Game Developer, Antivirus Maker, and More
Should say "White House"
Where Im at I do NOT see many "chemtrails". I have though, an for anyone who says "the government wouldn't do that" here ya go..."operation sea-spray"
I believe Elizabeth Warren or the DNC spread the rumor that Trump gave Ukraine a quid pro quo for taking down Biden
Children as young as SIX are to be given compulsory self-touching lessons
Reminder that not only does Bernie Sanders acknowledge the DNC cheated in 2016, he's also promised that no practical changes would be made to the system that enabled the cheating, confirming that primary rigging would continue in 2020 and beyond.
Spiritual Warfare Hollywood, and Netflix
More reports of police overreach towards Extinction Rebellion sympathisers at The Labour Party conference: "They pulled up my friend because of an extinction rebellion sticker on her bag, took her details and asked if she ‘was thinking of causing any trouble."
Nasrallah: IDF has turned into a Hollywood Army, any War against Iran would mean the end of Israel &amp; US Hegemony
Does anyone think Iran war will happen soon??
All Eyes on Ukraine: Deep State and Hillary Operatives Worked with Ukrainian Government
Does anyone here think Iran war will happen soon?
If you think about it Hitler was a hero because he killed himself.
"China’s $400bn oil deal with Iran is a major step in the cold war that could derail trade talks" Iran will trade oil in Yuan. Iran just asked the West to leave the Persian Gulf. I think we're about to go to war with Iran. It'll be unlike anything we've seen in modern times.
Pseudo-Spiritual consideration...
I think all of the articles and videos you'll find when you search Sugar Baby or what it's like to be one, I think they are all (uncredited) paid advertisements for Seekingarrangement.com because they all mention the website in a positive light.
Never Forget
Weird incident that happened to me a few years ago
Never forget
German scientist publications on invisibility/cloaking technology. Who knows how many other powers already have this?
CUT /Threshold Planet Mars CTX image: P22_009642_2216_XN_41N009W Resolution: 2795 x 2056 CREDIT: HiRISE / NASA
"Google Claims ‘Quantum Supremacy,’" The paper was posted at NASA and then quickly removed. "The researchers estimate that performing the same experiment on a Google Cloud server would take 50 trillion hours—too long to be feasible. On the quantum processor, it took only 30 seconds, they said."
Carter administration covered up clandestine Israeli nuclear test
Google keyboard on Android and subliminal programming?
Most teas at grocery stores found to contain toxic levels of fluoride
Councilwoman Francis Barwood has "clear video of craft blotting out sky" intercepted by Men in Black prior to reaching her right after Phoenix Lights event. Here she is describing what happened and how the story ended up checking out. I never knew Men in Black were connected to the Phoenix Lights.
The pseudo-intellectual gatekeepers of the world
PRC Takes Over a Subreddit
The north gate was just a diversion. This is what really happened at Area 51 this weekend that the government doesn’t want you to know!
"Gimbal UFO - What it really looks like" Team analyzes the footage using the latest forensic imaging filters to remove the noise and see what details can be recovered from the film. The added filters are explained through the video.
Mandela Effect: 15 seconds on Orion Earth = 10 seconds on Sagittarius Earth. In other words, 15 seconds on this planet = "One one thousand, two one thousand, three one thousand ... ten one thousand." Do this with a stopwatch or regular clock.
Forgive those who believe absurdities
For the person who keeps posting Tulsi is friendly to India's Modi &amp; terrible because death camps. Here is your Trump doing the same thing.
Trump confirms he discussed Biden with Ukrainian president
The Synagogue of Satan
Kiss me you fool!
"Internationalizing the College of Cardinals", by J.J. Murphy, The Converted Catholic Magazine, April 1946 issue
British comedian/researcher discusses paedo royals
Iranian Officials “Ready For War” After US Troop Deployment
Kermit’s role in 9/11
join the Jesuitworldorder subreddit!--community thread--all posts welcome
"Detroit Lakes man captures video of a strange figure flying through the sky" Local news in Detroit reports on a crazy looking video. Whatever it is, it comes back and flies THROUGH a cloud. What the hell is this thing?
Alright, give this one ago. I have long awaited this moment. Signal, the messaging app is the most, blackhearted shake I have ever seem. Set up by people who thought they were canny. The app is a shell that, in truth, is far worst than having facebook, google, amazon dots, what ever the hell.
Truth is Stranger than Fiction - How the Illuminati Control and Create mindless Slaves
WP Analysis: 9 questions about the Trump whistleblower complaint, answered.
"Police sceptical as seven reported dead in UFO attacks" Well this is interesting. From "The Irish Times". "Raghuraj Pal, whose neighbour Ramji Pal died recently in Shanwa, said: "A mysterious flying object attacked him in the night. His stomach was ripped open. He died two days later."
Reddit conspiracy... I did not delete/remove this post.
Even Karl Lagerfeld was in on it...
Sweet tea canes conspiracy theorie
Gaming worlds taking over the world - Silent Conspiracy
Behold the pale horse FULL audio book??
A Parody of Prince Puppet Toe Licker
Antonio Brown is dominating sports headlines, while Felipe Vasquez of the Pittsburgh Pirates has been shown and forgotten
Why is money more important than people?
Why did the CNN cover two VERY DIFFERENT stories about UFO's in the same video. One is a silly meme, The second is a confirmed footage of UFO by the US Army? what they are trying to convince people?
Is there a subreddit for conspiracy theories.
Toronto Mail 1889 - "Both the political parties are under the feet of the Jesuit"
Want to hear a joke?
Leftist Gatekeepers for the Israeli lobby
NBC's new latenight host Lilly Singh says non-whites are replacing Whites and taking their jobs. How was this ever allowed on TV?
You have to be extremely patriotic to NOT believe that the US military has anything to do with the extraordinary rise of opium production in Afghanistan
Coca-Cola's plastic secrets | DW Documentary (42mins)
The media orgins for Greta "Autistic Mystic" Thunberg Climate Change HOAX
With government agencies such as FBI, CIA, NSA is the entire agency corrupt and carries out clandestine work, or is that a small group, and the agencies actually do legitimate work for the US.
Carl Ruiz died of a heart attack two days after posting this...RIP Carl.
He was on Epstein’s flight log and black book, but yea never mind all that
It’s now time to examine how these supposedly “independent” agencies are kept in line by their Washington swamp-dwelling masters. By doing so, we will learn some important lessons about how political (and, ultimately, economic) power is wielded by the global banking mafia.
Victor Pinchuk - Ukraine billionaire and steel magnate donated $10-$25 MILLION to the Clinton Foundation. Why?
List of over 1,000 vaccine injury cases that resulted in compensation
I can’t tell if we’re all crazy or if we are noticing and seeing what others don’t
This week the Navy made it a point to say that the UFO's from the videos were real. But did you know that this summer they admitted to having functional UFO technology?
How do you guys deal with people at work who just regurgitate MSM and have no critical thinking skills?
“Democracy” as we know it
Trilogy Finale: The Whitleblower-To-Be, Aaron Swartz and the Lost Chambers of Secrets of The Promised NeverLand?
Wexner/Epstein Midwest Trafficking
President Dwight D. Eisenhower was not a radical socialist or a “conspiracy theorist.” And in 1961, he tried to warn us about the "military industrial complex."
How NASA became a cheerleader for the New World Order
Possible bastard of Queen Elizabeth II
Ed Buck: Psychopath/sexual predator lives in Adam Schiff’s district and was appointed as an Electoral voter for California. Wow...
Bernie Sanders on the Military Industrial Complex
After the Syrian people, Russia has been the second biggest winner in Syria; its Kalibr Cruise Missile and about 300 types of weapons have been fine-tuned thanks to the experience gained in Syria. 12 weapons types considered to be promising were found lacking and taken out of production &amp; service.
Really cool map that outlines access roads and satelite imagery for the layout of the actual base at Area 51 (as much as can be seen with public satelite information)
Warren - Clinton 2020
After the Syrian people, Russia has been the second biggest winner in Syria; its Kalibr Cruise Missile and about 300 types of weapons have been fine-tuned thanks to the experience gained in Syria. 12 weapons types considered to be promising were found lacking and taken out of production &amp; service.
I made the thread about animal/human hybrids yesterday evening. Thread is now gone(reddit admins?). Links I posted to imgur were also removed as some commenters have pointed out. Here's more info.
Charles Manson/ Susan Atkins- using illuminatioi and Freemason symbology.... videos to prove...
Got this under the door while staying at hotel Pennsylvania in NY
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: "At this point, the bigger national scandal isn't the president's lawbreaking behavior - it is the Democratic Party's refusal to impeach him for it."
I may have died last night
Former NATO commander Wesley Clark was already publicly blaming al- Qaeda for 9/11, without a shred of proof, at 11:32 a.m. on September 11
If elected Joe Biden's would be one of the most corrupt presidents ever
Michio Kaku on US Navy UFO Confirmation - " The Evidence is Overwhelming "
Vicki Polin, Jewish Satanic Ritual Abuse Survivor on the Oprah show back in the 1980's.
Note by Jim Carrey's deceased former girlfriend claims he introduced her to cocaine, disease and abuse
The REAL reason for the US Civil War?
This is the border of the earth, proof why the earth is flat !
Interesting article in George Clooney
15 Most Expensive States To Live In The United States | kiwiwell
Ex-Google Engineer Fears AI ‘Killer Robots’ Could Perpetrate Unintended Mass Atrocities
2 months of electromagnetic therapy reverses Alzheimer's symptoms. Imagine what's being done to our brain daily with cellphones and the associated frequencies used to deliver our data. Xpost/r/science
Interesting Sino mods...
The people in power don't care about Earth, all this "greta" awareness is an excuse to create more mandatory taxes, supposedly to "fix" the planet. They will take our money, and not even a cent will be used to improve the ambient we live in
Bigelow Aerospace publishes video what looks like an Orb and a Being ins...
It's like conspiracy news. I take a deep dive into current events like the US Navy and UFOs, the Opioid crisis, the Kevin Spacey Epstein connection, and the University of Alaska's September 11th WTC 7 study.
My Gift to Climate Alarmists.
How Trade War Happens and Destroys Countries
What did he done this time?
Have you ever seen a YouTube video where the views are litterally disabled and not shown? It's a video titled "Expose of the National Security State" which makes it even more fishy
Just a moment ago I was reading about Uyghur Concentration Camp in China, then suddenly it's gone from the frontpage of r/worldnews
A secondary reason for the flavored E-Cig liquid ban
Candace Owens: Democrats Use Black Americans as 'Props'
Can someone please link me that /u/katie_pornhub shit where she starts talking about Israel and Jews when nobody even asked her about it please?
Vaccine manufacturing and production
How UFOs Work - With the confirmation from the US Navy that the "Unknown Aerial Phenomenon" aka UFOs ARE REAL! This video explains not only what they are but how they work and the Physics behind them! Amazing Information! (It' a little long, but worth it)
Chronovisor. The Vatican time viewing device
Is Elizabeth Warren a plant being pushed to split voters from Bernie Sanders?
Five major orange juice brands found to be laced with cancer-linked Monsanto chemical
This A Must Watch......So Steve-O was also part of the #PedoRing, most of them always get covered up.
What do you guys think about Tulsi Gabbard? If you're not familiar with her, check out this interview she did on the Joe Rogan Experience. She believes in the military industrial complex, and there is a lot of evidence that the DNC is rigging the 2020 Democratic primary against her.
MI6 now helping to cover up Prince Andrew's sex crimes
Global warming is an illusion
The great deception of man made climate change.
Conspiracy Theories bookazine
Ex-Florida police chief: Jeffrey Epstein likely tipped off during 2005 child sex probe
Your mom
Currently on the front page with 26k likes. Would like to hear this subs take on this.
This is on the front page with 26k likes.
How to Manifest Anything in your life | LawOfAttraction
Mass Shootings preparing for something else?
Alright, we need to talk about the incest themed porn. It's fucking everywhere. People are weird, but it could just as easily be there to mask real pedophilia.
Just another rambling thought.
The Other Side of a story as perceived by the Gnostic Gospel of Judas
Google's Quantum Computer does in 3 mins 20 seconds what the fastest conventional computer on earth would take 10,000 years
The Mainstream Media Controls The Framework For Discussion
Can anyone decode morse code?
At this stage in the game, would it be far fetched to consider that Google has figured out Quantum Computing?
The Jesuit ties to Weapons maker Raytheon
Its not Big Tobacco going after the vaping companies, its the people they owe money too.
We have a whistleblower/intelligence agency spy concerned about Trump’s conversations with Ukraine about Joe Biden’s son profiting from his Father’s position as VP. Hunter also made deals w/ China. The Biden’s did everything the Trump’s are accused of doing.
The most credible Alien abduction report in history.
Would you like to see how deep the rabbit hole go...
Have you guys tried searching the word "Pizza" in the wikileaks global intelligence files?
What if?
RIP Aron Eisenberg aka Nog from Star Trek DS9 who played one of the aliens found in Roswell 1947 Episode "Little Green Men" - Passed @ Time of Area 51 Raid
An interesting twitter thread on ‘Greta the great‘ (climate change activist child) —her family and promoters
Environmentalism is a white liberal supremacist movement.
Mathematical Proof that All Conspiracy Theories are Wrong
Does anyone have the link to the article about tobacco company loans coming to maturity soon
[META]On campus of 30,000 students, less than 10 attend university’s white privilege workshop. Clearly, the remaining 29,990 UNC students are alt-Right, white supremacist, neo-Nazis.
Any channels on youtube?
Calcification of Pineal Gland and afterlife experience
This person is in charge of education for a district in NJ. Lenin said "Give me just one generation of youth and I'll change the world". She's trying.
Is We Work a Fraud?
Responses – Medium
The Propaganda Parrot.
I work in a shady Bioengineering lab for the US government. Human/animal hybrids are real.
Candace Owens: White Supremacy Has Minimal Impact On Black Americans
Anyone know much about the other "Tepe" sites? (Gobleki Tepe)
ALEX JONES (Full Show) Discuss Trump &amp; More for 2020!
Biden's presidential campaign is to give him cover for crimes in office
Sub Leaning On Sandy Hook Topic
Why are the dems so gung-ho on Americans eating less meat?
[Video] Estrogen &amp; Fluoride In Water Supply - Pineal Glands Calcified
Ukraine minister denies Trump put pressure on Zelenskiy during call: report
Les Wexner's tax attorney Arthur Shapiro was murdered in 1985 in what looked like a Mafia "hit." The crime was never solved. This Columbus Ohio police report discusses Wexner's ties to organized crime.
U-2 spy plane crash orchestrated by CIA? Lee Harvey Oswald involvement?
Conspiracy and YouTube
Clap Alien cheeks. The Cold Ones Report
Why cant we all just get along?.
go listen
The irony of this sub
Bernie Sanders one of the most popular presidential candidates in history who broke 2 fundraising records from individual donors. MSNBC 'forgets' to add him to Iowa broadcast graphic of contenders. He leads in multiple states &amp; is tied in others. Full Propaganda State.
Has the Church Been Infiltrated by Satanism? - What is all the Pedophilia really about? Are they molesting children to recruit them into a Satanic Order that will infiltrate every aspect of society and tell everyone "Fluoride is safe" ? This video has content that will make you think twice!
Donald Trump shaking hands w/ a dictator who is currently killing journalists and anyone else who talks badly about him. Trump is Putin’s bitch.
Is there a chip installed in my brain?
Is there a chip installed in my brain?
I work for a bioengineering lab for the US government. Human/horse hybrids are real.
Kaikoura Lights missing footage
A thought experiment which implies a previous, lost civilization
Assassins, Illuminati, the New World Order, and Iran
Why has no one seriously looked into Nikola Tesla's free energy claims and reported back to the people? Other than Donald Trump's Uncle who has legitimately looked into Tesla's research?
I feel this belongs! Bankers are are crooks and the fed is the biggest of them all!
104 Arrested in child sex sting
Trump Told Ukraine to Investigate Biden Eight Times in One Conversation
Leftist Gatekeepers for the Israeli lobby
Charles C. Morgan - A Conspiracy Man
Edward Snowden in recent interview on receiving a fair whistle-blowing trial and protecting whistle-blowers
Predictive Programming (Evidence in Plain Sight?)
I lived through an experience that was very much a conspiracy. Its hard to explain and you don't have to take my word for it, I have plenty of proof. If MK-Ultra exists, it must have been like this.
Any conspiracies related to dementia? Cure/cause etc?
Who is the girl in the "Hi Walter, I got a new girlfriend today"?
This Is Why You Must Buy GUCCI!
Tulsi Gabbard shaking hands w/ a fascist who is currently building concentration camps for millions of Muslims that will rival China’s camps for the Uyghur’s. Tulsi is already Modi’s bitch.
There were actually many, many more people who actually attempted to raid Area 51. The videos of 150 kids having good old fashioned fun are staged.
fbi crime date table 6
Jeffrey Epstein Paid Doctors To Drug 'Sex Slaves': Report
Recent Interview with Edward Snowden on receiving a fair Whistle-blower trial and more (September 17,2019)
What you should read to be 100% programmed by your overlords..... I mean the Guardian's best books of the 21st Century
Hacker exposes soccer syndicate
Has there been any more news on the anon who sneaked inside area 51?
opinion on technology
Beware! Have we got some truth for you. Read the comment at your own risk. The Truth Can Be Mind Blowing!
Thoughts about this...
Milk...be careful what you buy.
Top Florida Cop: Jeffrey Epstein Was Tipped Off, Found Every Loophole as Investigators Closed In
Federal Reserve Draining Money From the System
Placebos
The Soviets launched a campaign to search for ancient technology in the Tibet and Antarctica in the 1920s.
Beyond Meat Impossible Burger May Contain Soylent Green - Located Next To Planned Parenthood
MI6 fears Russia can link Prince Andrew to Jeffrey Epstein abuse
MI6 fears Russia can link Prince Andrew to Jeffrey Epstein abuse
Chemtrails are way worse than just chemicals. They're using smart dust to collect our information!
Alex Jones, Eddie Bravo &amp; Sam Tripoli: Full Interview
After reading how much we’re getting f*cked this song is perfect. F*ck yourself - Steve Vai
Is this considered a conspiracy?
Truth in Comedy
Sanders = Clinton Puppet | Why Bernie Does Whatever Hillary Clinton Says
Under Trump, the stock market hasn't gone up since 2017.
I posted this weeks ago, and it turns out the driver was dead before the accident.
Walmart announced it will no longer sell vaping products after eighth person dies... But will still sell cigarettes, which have killed millions.
What if Elon Musk is just an Anagram for Lone SuMK.
What are some good videos explaining how fucked up the federal reserve is?
Apple’s new Memoji feature in the iOS 13 update is a way to secretly obtain user’s gender and ethnicity
Where does the enormous military budget go and why are there so many UFOs?
Mandela Effect: Some Christians erroneously believe that Satan is changing the Bible. In actuality, the Bibles on this planet (Orion Earth) are simply different from the Bibles on those people's previous Earth (and there are many, many Earths in the Milky Way). Nothing on this planet has changed.
Whistleblowers ‘real’ report...
President of the United States: "Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State, and a probably illegal Democrat/Fake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen."
What is up with Bob lazar? Was he the first person the acknowledge the existence of area 51?
What's wrong with Reddit? Almost every redditor on the front page has millions of Karma
Got some files from 1982 on a usb from 2014. The files cant be opened or deleted... no clue where they came from
"No transparency = No trust" -- Tulsi Gabbard challenges the privately held nature of the DNC™
I wrote a song to expose people to the ideas of Satanism among the elite, selling one's soul, and mind control in Hollywood. I worked very hard on putting this together and I truly hope you enjoy it!
People are brainwashed to hate hatred &amp; racism because it is convenient for the politicians to build a productive country when there is peace. Peace isn't a right thing to do; it's a convenient comfortable thing to do, which isn't necessarily a good thing.
The elite don't want you to know how powerful you really are, how powerful your thoughts are, or how much you can help create peace on Earth.
The true motivation behind the global climate agenda
Compilation of important figures politically and socially who died on 9/11
Mind-Controlled Nanobots Used to Release Chemicals in Living Cockroaches
Does anyone know if Rusty Shackleford has managed to collect more detailed footage of that guy that looked an awful lot like Epstein -- like a week after Epstein was jailed-breaked ?
Anyone have any cool information/thoughts about what happens after death?
The lawsuit against Warren
Sensorial over-stimulation conspiracy theory. How people in society are exposed to stimulating facts and information to keep them depressed.
IDF orders snipers to aim for ankles of Gazan protesters.
Carl Jung on Neurosis.
Instagram, Facebook etc are listening to your conversations while your phone is locked and deny it happens. How do we stop it?
Henry Ford was producing ethanol compatible cars, and supplied 25% of the mid-western fuel market, until John. D. Rockefeller, the founder of Standard oil had prohibition enacted. Was this the real reason behind the prohibition of alcohol?
Where can I see / hear Hitler talking about the jews ?
Flu Vaccine is the most dangerous vaccine in the US based on settled cases for injuries.
Over four dozen historical cases of CIA drug trafficking.
Rockefeller medicine. The corruption of the medical industry by the Rockefeller foundation.
Water powered car
More twitter censorship
Our new National Security Advisor , Robert C. O’Brien = John Bolton
Our new National Security Advisor , Robert C. O’Brien = John Bolton
Jesuit Fordham University is in control of the NYPD
“Nature Is Unraveling.” United States and Canada Have Lost 3 Billion Birds Since 1970.
The LAPD admit own their own website that they gave the biggest protection in the history of the department to Pope John Paul II in 1987!
Climate ‘Experts’ Are 0-41 with Their Doomsday Predictions
Chinese organ harvesting IRL
Is it a conspiracy if it's true?
King Tut's Tomb: Secret Hieroglyph Proves Existence of Aliens?
The new Ukraine Controvery is actually a trap placed by Trump
This is wat I was referring to in a previous thread
Careful guys, MAGA secret
I believe the area 51 raid was created in order for the government to prepare us for a fake invasion.
Google Earth 'exposes Area 51 secrets' in bombshell videos
George Soros admits meddling in Ukraine - CNN Video interview May 2014. Apparently Ukraine is hotbed of American meddling that should be exposed.
Elite Jews rule the world. Judaism is Satanism, and the driving ideological force behind Communism, Freemasonry, the Illuminati and the NWO agenda
Thought you all may find this interesting. (SRI Stanford Research Institute) does Psychic / remote veiwing experiments with Uri Geller 1972. This is just a small fraction of the studies they did with multiple people and subject research..
Posting this for the third time with a submission statement cause I’m not so bright
Working on a "conspiracy news" podcast in between the long research episodes I'm doing on Gobekli Tepe. I have several topics I'll be covering this week (in the SS) but what are some of the things that happened this week and didn't get enough coverage or analysis that you want people to look into?
Why did Comey reopen the Hillary email investigation two weeks before the 2016 election?
Yes this is a real tweet and article of what what he actually texted and said
Someone quick help me understand this
Nolte: Climate 'Experts' Are 0-41 with Their Doomsday Predictions
A suspect or another dead end?
Whistleblower details how Google pushes establishment storylines
Just got this in the mail. Haven’t read it before. Anyone else heard read this yet?
American forces sent to defend nation that sponsored 9-11.
Distraction tactics being used in the comment sections today. Stay vigilant, be aware.
If Barr is Deep State, so must be Trump.
They don't even try to hide it anymore. Straight out of my college textbook
In honor of the Storm Area 51 event, me and some friends teamed up with an artist to make a music video tribute to Bob Lazar! Link in comments!
Overhead shot of the UK's Supreme Court and the court in session. What do you ...... see?
Murder on the Moon:Conspiracy Theories Series 00002
In honor of the Storm Area 51 event, me and some friends teamed up with an artist to make a music video tribute to Bob Lazar!
Coincidences in middle Eastern affairs
The Finale of Technocracy by Mr Enter. A very good docuseries.
RIP free speech
Conspiracy buffs need to keep a close eye on the Saudi Arabia situation.
What has happened to society? "As Morris lay in the parking lot of a pizzeria in Oceanside, N.Y. — hemorrhaging blood from a stab wound in the chest — police estimate between 50 and 70 kids stood by and failed to call for help, filming the violent scene, uploading videos to social media sites."
The Bezos Ranch - Deep in the Heart of Texas Uranium Country - The third of four fortunes for the Bezos/King Family and primer for JFK
MGTOW lack of knowledge
Warren or Sanders could be behind Ukraine whistleblower to try to take out both Biden and Trump in a significant scandal and elevate prospect for winning 2020 election.
Always be suspicious of gold posts on /r/conspiracy.
Bigelow Aerospace Company posted this yesterday. They're not ones to post jokes, etc on Twitter. They responded "It is an orb recorded in a highly secure Bigelow Aerospace facility in Las Vegas. Absolutely nothing could get in or out of that particular structure but yet, something did…”
Tried to post my Gobekli Tepe podcast on r/History it was promptly removed. Supposed place for discussing history apparently doesn't want to discuss one of the most important historical sites on the planet.
Democratic voters support cutting aid to Israel, so why have only two candidates even mentioned it?
Biden family history scrubbed ?
The truth about white supremacy.
"Helicopter shines spot-light on UFO in North Phoenix Arizona" This was posted back in 2012 prior to commercial drones being much of a thing. The helicopter goes straight for it and then lights it up with its spotlight. Pretty cool vid!
[EVIDENCE] 1984inaction: Wikipedia and CDC changes numbers about Polio without proper reference
Trump asked Ukraine to look into Biden because the Biden family business dealings there really are shady and suspicious.
/r/conspiracy Round Table: What topic should we discuss next?
Anybody been here 5 years and remember when I did this? There were over 100 comments on day one and I just realized youtube deleted every conversation except the thread where I stated my charges. I was also permanently banned for life from r/politics within 5 minutes of publishing a 30 minute movie.
These Jewish Men Raped Little Boys
Has anyone heard that there is an inner universe world underneath our feet ?Just wondering if there is anyone in the forum who's an expert in this.
Just read US moving more troops to gulf - are they just have inviting Iran to attack? (Being sarcastic)
The Mythical Rise in White Supremacist Violence
Aerial footage of Chinese transferring Uyghur concentration camp prisoners has been removed from /r/videos for "politics".
Canadian Election Stunts. What Will This Season Bring?
NIST WTC 7 Q&amp;A Clip from Technical Brief -Dr. Shyam Sunder August 2008 Must See Video.
🧙‍♂️ Wizards in the Black World of Technology
Wizards 🧙‍♂️ in the Black World of Technology
The myth of "rightwing violence"
So What did Beau Biden do?
Joe Biden said what?!
The Myth of Right Wing Violence
There is just no way Greater Israel could ever be the ultimate goal of the NWO. Playing with the idea of Hillary and Putin's WWIII. The Rothschilds vs the Jesuits. The Universal Empire and Frenzy Holocaust conspiracy theory.
U.S. Orders Universities to Recast Tone on Israel
The exact process by which currency is created and manipulated is not generally well understood, but might be the most important aspect of maintaining cabal power. How currency is actually created. (Repost of /u/letsbebuns)
The basic principles of Stoicism.
Catholics and apprentices of the Jesuits at the head of the world's top 50 super connected companies. (X-post from r/Romerules)
Where we were just 5 years ago, I don’t even wanna see where we’re headed
"White supremacy" is a manufactured crisis
Just a thought about phonea and sterylization.
CIA Knocks off CHINESE INTELLIGENCE AGENTS, Passes as BUS CRASH in UTAH
Are chemtrails behind what they call “global warming caused by humans”?
Are there any other instances of trump being so gentle and listening when members of his admin resign? Usually he’s upset/angry and pushes back. Here he seems totally fine with Acosta leaving even though Acosta was not the only person to ultimately decide Epstein’s lenient sentence.
Matt Groening’s “Disenchanted” on Netflix - Another clear portrayal of the Deep State’s Elite Pizzagate Ring
Prisoner Loretta-Lynched Behind Bill Barrs
Who gave the green light to arrest Epstein again in 2019 ?
Why White People Aren't Having Kids ?
Lee Camp brings up WTC 7 on his weekly comedy show "Redacted Tonight"
What if the 70+ people who showed up to the raid were merely the distraction while the actual raid was sneaking up from behind and got inside?
Power went out two days in a row in our area
Discover the secrets of the Titanic ship - National Geographic
Youtube: A video my BF watched near me showed up in my recommendations feed.
Prince Andrew accuser says she was forced to perform sex acts at 17
How are Greta and Malala the same?!
Spiderman is a German spy
The Truth about the Illuminati
We eat and consume shit
The Post About This Video of Aerial Footage of Chinese Transferring Uyghur Concentration Camp Prisoners Was Blocked 3 Hours After It Was Made
World Health Organization - 80mil people at risk. Notice something odd??
Twitter suspends ALL the Latinos for trump accounts #ElectionRigging
The Sandy Hook documentary which keeps getting deleted from YouTube - We Need To Talk About Sandy Hook
An explosion in a Russian lab causes virus outbreak of Smallpox and Ebola. Didn't one of you guys predict the government was going to release a virus?
Didn't one of you guys predict that a virus would be released soon by the government?
Space based weapons and the UFO disclosure
Anyone On Here Who Hasn’t Read David Wilcock’s Blog I Highly Recommend It (Especially the blog post called “DECLAS”)
'The men who plundered Europe': bankers on trial for siphoning €60bn
Missing Enthusiasts and a Naruto: What went down at Area 51
The Edge
International Day of Peace was conveniently changed to September 21st in 2001, on September 10th, it was originally scheduled for September 11th.
went to a wedding with a deactivated phone because it has a better camera. although the phone was deactivated &amp; I had no internet, no wifi, it still recorded my location
5/2/2020
Fidel Castro's biological son LOVES to wear Black Face
Prince Andrew accuser says she was forced to perform sex acts at 17 - cnn
Yall are racist, sexist and homophobic as Fuck
Conspiracy: Funded by big businesses the media intentionally riles up conservatives about LGBT issues, gun control and other social issues because it needs angry right wingers to keep conservative politicians in power who won't raise taxes on big businesses.
MIT Shows off Deepfake Vladimir Putin in Demo of New Real-Time Technology
The Raid Happened
it's a historical fact, the CIA is the biggest terrorist agency on Earth
Antonio Brown has a house with a sinagog. When asked he says "I have a lot of Jewish friends, and then chuckled" 0:45
Aliens built the Pyramids!
people going crazy about Tartary now
Don't forget you guys are living on a soon to be Venus.
PROJECT HEDONIC ? [XPOST FROM CRAZY DAYS AND NIGHTS]
I've seen this 2 times in the past months, what is it? Plane, Drone, UFO?
Has anybody heard of the birth certificate being a corporation?
This US patent from 2000 is on “controlling the nervous system” with subliminal means, including pulses of heat, sound, and small changes in magnetic fields. All of which could be delivered by a cell phone in theory... any thoughts?
Alex Jones admits that his InfoWars news platform will be shut down in 1 year
The BBC are still running with Prince Andrew and Epstein
Why does Sean Hannity wear a CIA pin?
Here’s the fundamental conspiracy: until the legislature is controlled by the people and not by money, “crime” will always be defined by the ruling classes.
Antivax parents protest New York banning unvaccinated kids from attending schools.
I think it’s awesome how fast and dedicated Hong Kong protestors are.
Be proud... United States Air Force providing tactical airlift and aerial spray over millions of acres across the U.S.... and they aren't the only ones.
What is the new world religion! It’s not atheism. Worship of a man? A government?
Are there any geological evidence that Noah's flood happened?
Is William Pelham Barr part of the Deep State?
Is Bob Barr part of the Deep State?
This is what when big pharma is not the one writing the checks : Most common antidepressant barely helps improve depression symptoms.
“Raid Area 51” &amp; Hillary - Was Area 51 preselected to be an issue in 2019?
In honor of the Storm Area 51 event, me and some friends teamed up with an artist to make a music video tribute to Bob Lazar!
This was in a kids cartoon show
If you really "Support The Troops" you will expend massive amounts of focus and your energy on stopping ANOTHER Sand War that will lead to incalculable American troop casualties.
In honor of the Storm Area 51 event, me and some friends teamed up with an artist to make a music video tribute to Bob Lazar! https://vimeo.com/361442480
New York City's Surprising Role Funding Slavery and Profiting Off the Civil War
Why are all ancient maps Aerial Views?
The truth behind the media.
Thought this fit in here
How Reality TV Tricks Us into following forced Naratives (watch till the end)
Someone's removing Saudi Arabia related posts from r/the_donald
Not much talk here about Greta Thunberg. Seems like a classic deep state manufactured activist. Certainly getting a lot of love from the usual sources.
RFK JR reveals his father's killer
So how does this totally skeptical totally not pro government sub feel about Trump being Saudis bitch?
Tucker Carlson: Climate protests are not about the environment...... He makes some great points, even though he is as bias as any news commentator.
Area 51 raid, the logical next step.
10,000 gallons of fuel next to World Trade Center 1&amp;2
Spread to other subreddits
What The AshkeNAZIS Dont Want You To Know...
Beau Biden was killed as a warning to his father to ensure his continued loyalty to TPTB
Am I just high or Is Jefferson star a god? Like if a higher being was going to live on earth wouldn’t it be like how he lives? He doesn’t care about people’s judgments and he lives his best life.
If Saudi Arabia attacks Iran, which side is being Islamophobic? I'd ask Israel, but I'm afraid of being called Anti-Semitic.
Best book on Khazaria?
Any official reddit response to the massive astroturf or the demand debate threads, including totally off topic threads clearly hijacked by people taking potshots at the bon-"front-runners"? A whole new transparency" thread today from reddit, no answers about the massive astrosturfing
Epstein first “suicide” attempt - a ruse?
Whoever showed up and DIDNT raid Area 51 is a cuck.
Is the Moon an artificial satellite?
Koch-Linked Nonprofit Must Disclose Donors, Settlement Mandates
Folks, Trump Ain't Your Hero - The Left/Right Corrupt Two-Party Paradigm Has Already Been Well Exposed Here At R/Conspiracy
Order From Chaos: I Pet Goat II, Super Bowl 53, False Flags and Illuminati Elite Rituals
Saudi False Flag Attack Response
The Titanic Was on Fire for Days Before It Sank
The fact that we live in a simulation just makes more sense every time I think about it. Lol hate on me if u want if anyone wants to say anything would like to hear
"Plan to kill off mosquitoes backfires, spawning mutant hybrid insects"
Give your reason, no judgment, let’s have a talk, *no arguments*
Why or why not? No judgement, just a reason
Video captures SUV driving through Woodfield Mall in Chicago suburb of Schaumburg
Conspiracy! All Area 51 live-streams are being censored
Who have been some of the best fall guys throughout history?
This is the end game of the new world order
NO HATE SPEECH HERE, Yes it’s a meme, but it’s not violating anything, *had to repost on a second account*
Here we go, war with Iran. Another chess board move to a new world order
Beto O'Rourke fails miserably on Reddit for his answer on how he plans 'to take your' AR-15s
The Parasite, The Greatest Crimes Ever Sold
My dream
Since the media isn't talking about it, let's just say what we think really happened to Jeffrey Epstein.
Explain this scientist
Project Woodpecker
Your move ladies and gents.
Disney investing millions in forests worldwide
What is Greta Thunberg?
Trump - Ukraine no quid pro quo but more so about early russia hoax investigation (re Barr)
As many here have predicted, they (TPTB) are painting conspiracy theorist and this Area 51 raid as insane people, doing insane things. Checkout this youtube video and tell me what you think.
Pentagon will deploy US forces to the Middle East after Iranian attack on Saudi Arabia oil facilities
Did Trump-Biden-Ukraine Drama Just Implode? WaPo Reports No "Quid Pro Quo" Offered During Phone Call
TIL that Leonard Cohen was a Israeli high priest.
Just a reminder that Area 51 Stooges are not associated with conspiracy theorists
Criss Angel vs. Uri Geller on his psychic abilities
A revolution is definitely underway, there are efforts to suppress it underway too. It's a battle of will right now. One end of the spectrum is all these gadgets, gizmos, streaming 4k anything AND on the other end is the existential quagmire of economy/ecology/equality/energy.
You Cant Handle The Truth
Continued Area 51 coverage is to cover up Greta Thumberg's climate change protests today
The current state of Italy and football as an indicator
Edward Snowden - Permanent Record
Hit em with the Tekashi69
Digitalism is anti existential
What Sci-Fi movie (or other media) do Ü believe to tell some (a) truth?
"Former Israeli spies get involved in US elections as information warriors" thus is what foreign meddling looks like.
Prince Andrew Raped 17 year old girl.
Educational Industrial Complex..
First death related to Area 51 raids
The propaganda going around about Trump and Ukraine is to distract from this video where Biden admits he bribed Ukraine $1B to help his son. His son that got caught with cocaine in 2016 and married his dead brothers wife.....
All of this misinformation going around about Trump and Ukraine is to distract from this new video where Biden admits he bribed Ukraine $1B to help his son. His son that got caught with cocaine in 2016 and married his dead brothers wife......
What the Government Doesn't Tell You...
Trump urged Ukraine president eight times during call to investigate Joe Biden’s son, report says
Newly located flight data shows that Jeffrey Epstein’s private jet landed in Riyadh, the capital and largest city of Saudi Arabia, on the eve of the 2016 election.
Top comment chain on r/news looking like a r/conspiracy clone
Kushner, Bolton, Bill Shine &amp; Pompeo - hidden in a scene of "The Family"?
Hillary Clinton way off, again, on Wisconsin voter ID
Spiderman and Pedophilia
Pre-Teen Drag Kids growing trend
This is getting ridiculous
Stranger Things and CERN
The two-party system summed up in Jack London's dystopian novel "The Iron Heel"
What are these? They look like canals, but who built them?
Reddit thread on what sub has moved furthest from its roots. Guess which one was deleted
Making a Free Market Work
Hear me out. NFL sexual assaults and misconduct. Antonio Brown cut from the Patriots.
last, last post.
Any conspiracies?
Leeroy Jenkins was framed.
Six Jeffrey Epstein victims interviewed together on Today
We might not be alone in the Universe, but they might be earthlings.
I love this sub. Today’s Area 51 raid will provide even more entertainment than 9/11. Tin foil hats on boys.
Shamed for being white
[28/29][MF4F][Southeastern/Tennessee Valley USA] - Looking for an athletic / slender unicorn to join us
Thoughts?
The fed is injecting $75billion a day into the system until at least Oct 10. Hyper inflation coming?
This image was seen on r/awesome with less than a thousand upvotes
Trudeau no longer on trending 🤔
Wiki leaks on climate change science and policy implications.
How to Control the Public
Plum Island's Move To Kansas
Biden's corruption is what we need to be talking about, not some partisan leaker
I love you Bill Simmons
Anyone interested in r/fuckfreemasonry
China's most likely response to the HK attacks.
Watch NBC Dateline Tonight 10/9c - Interview with Epstein victims - Avoid the Area 51 distraction
Fukushima Nuclear Disaster Verdict Leads to Angry Fallout
This morning this was major news. I was wondering why this didn't get as much traction. Was removed because it's NOT news.
Trump Whistleblower Concern Revealed? Trump to Ukraine: No (Already Promised) Aid Money Unless You Investigate Joe Biden
Area 51
THINK OF THE CHILDREN. Says the Climate Cult
It may not be much right now but I finally got the website looking good. Until I get listed on iTunes I'll be using my site and YouTube mostly to put shit out. I'm starting with Gobekli Tepe because it's one of the most underrated conspiracies out there but I got some Atlantis/HyBrasil/Lemuria comin
Women Poop. Sometimes At Work. Get Over It.
Israel did 911 - All the Proof in the World
Plan to fight corruption in Washington
Has anyone else had trouble trying to downgrade phones? Back to flip due to the MASS uptick in data/spying? (I'm sure not many try)
Rain is a government construct, man!
This guy brings up some interesting theories about our moon!!!!
Area 51 Reddit censorship- subreddits gone... no real live-streams
English Version of the Talmud?
Nurse successfully treated polio paralysis. Medical establishment continued using methods that made it worse.
Prince Andrew was an abuser, Epstein accuser says in TV interview
New update on my phone. How have we become this stupid!
The Area 51 raid was made by the government due to overpopulation
US Navy confirms UFO videos are the real deal
Why do some people "here" believe that the Mueller report was enough to exonerate Trump?
Any black hole theories?
Why the sudden meltdown over e-cigs? Here’s your $96 billion answer.
Remember: Only You Can Prevent Crimes Against Cops!! - It's time to stop the 'demagoguery' and back America's men, women in blue
Area 51 raid is today
Typhoid Toxin Influences the DNA Repair Mechanism and Causes the Cell to Age Faster - Conduct Science
0 to 100 real fast
Its weird how powerful AstroTurf campaigns protect pedophiles
I decided to compile a massive list of all of the media fake news about sanders
Anyone have info on "The Finders"?
Facebook censored my Yellow Vest cover photo
Global climate strike: Greta Thunberg and school students lead climate crisis protest – live updates | Environment
So Poland Spring... How do I proceed?
Wow. Someone’s feelings must have been hurt
You're going to hear a lot of celebration that Colt firearms is voluntarily stopping the manufacture of civilian models of the AR-15 Rifle.
Why is there no live stream footage from the Area 51 "raid" (All alleged live-streams show the same nighttime footage, but sunrise in Nevada was 4 hours ago)
DigitalFreedom Vol. 1:WHAT HE SAID IS SHOCKING!
An Update on Content Manipulation… And an Upcoming Report [Reddit.com]
Miami Herald: the msm outlet taking full credit for the Epstein story is also informing us that the NWO is here and in full effect. (Repost for quality)
U.S. Cities Among the Most Surveilled in the World
San Francisco banned vaping to protect cigarette tax revenue
Women's March fires another board member after being smeared for "anti-semitism" for daring to support Palestinian rights.
Cuba's 'sonic weapon' may have been mosquito gas
India Is Planning a Huge China-Style Facial Recognition Program
We are losing our guns in Canada..
Hit me with your weather control/manipulation conspiracies
The live feed on the area 51 raid has looped to a specific point I've seen the exact thing play out 3 times now what if something bad is happening and they hijacked the feed so no one would worry
Béchamp vs Pasteur &amp; The Germ Theory Hoax Part 2 - This second show was explosive! Info here you really don't anywhere else about the conspiracy of modern medicine. Fast forward to 30min mark!
GOP Senate candidate Jason Lewis said Republicans have 'dual loyalties' to Israel, 'Jewish lobby' controls the party
Do they have the real El Chapo?
Three Mile Island Nuclear Power Plant's Shutdown is Imminent
Hmmmm, seems like Google doesn’t much like natural medicine
The Free Speech and Hate Speech Puzzle: Words Are Not The Same For Everyone.
How To Green Pill Your Friends, Family, and Everybody Else That Needs to Know!
US senators have reportedly piled $96 million into stocks in companies they regulate
Why are all the live streams on YouTube of the Area 51 raid the same looped video?
Area 51: a farce for a farce
The Daily Beast again showing how fair it is in its coverage.
What do you think MKUltra has evolved into these days?
This is how calls were made on 9/11. Sorry to burst any bubbles but if we want to get to the truth, we must recognize a dead end distraction when we find one
AI Surveillance More Common in Liberal Democracies Than Autocracies, Claims New Research
Desperate Central Bankers Grab for More Power: Carney suggested that the new currency might be “best provided by the public sector, perhaps through a network of central bank digital currencies.” This raises further questions. Are central banks really “public”?
Here’s a good quality test for cell phone: next time you’re cruising in air at 30,000+ feet, or even 20,000 feet try to make some calls. If unsuccessful, throw that POS in the trash &amp; get whatever the f*ck the 9/11 passengers used. Or better yet, get the phone used to chat w/Nixon from the moon!
Conspirators of Reddit. Do you actually believe there are Reptilians or “lizard people” on Earth? Why?
A Timeline to Connect the Dots in the Whistleblower Scandal
I predict that there will be a mass murder today at Area 51.
Area 51 "Raid" Video
Intel post: Next major attack/ritual sacrifice in ShaTin and Tsuen Mun: Hong Kong Maidan
Q is
50 Years of Failed Eco-pocalyptic Predictions
Yahoo Fantasy Football is suddenly cleaning users out of their monthly data allowances, won't fix issue — Verizon bought them 24 months ago
-Hey guys, whem you open the facebook and see an whish ad, what is recommended for you? Myne is something like nazism, communism and some other random shits, its that happening with you guys foi?
iOS 13 bluetooth tracking
[Request for information] List of nations without central banks that US has attacked
Tim Pool covers Ilhan Omar saga
Hmmmm...
Court Shoots Down Cop's Assertion That Driving Without Breaking Any Laws Is 'Suspicious': Must be tough out there for cops. Literally everything is suspicious.
What if John the Baptist is Jesus?
California Senate Passes Statewide Ban On Facial Recognition Tech Use By Law Enforcement
What if we stormed Area 51 and instead of aliens we find Tupac and Kurt Cobain?
Area 51 Raid info?
Are the public urinals taking our DNA?
TOP 15 Most Populated countries in European Union 2009 to 2019
Kubrick says Drugs are Bad - Clockwork Orange
I want to put out a information regarding the Gulf War &amp; 9/11 from the book "The Trigger"
Out of body experience
What if symbols in media are used like hobo signs?
Apollo 15 Raw Video Reveals Buildings On The Moon Near Landing Site!
Discovering Bigfoot - with Todd Standing - The Black Banners of the East Satellite Station
WHAT DO SYMBOLS EMBEDED IN MEDIA MEAN?
Area 51 event is staged to provide a source of mocking up and laugh about people who they label conspiracy theorist. A bunch of "crazy people" will appear on tv speaking with reporters, but many of them will be actors playing "the nut" role
Clapping cheeks !!!!!!
ดาวน์โหลด Royal Online v2 | Royal Online
Censorship of 'truth' content on youtube
Does anyone else think 6ix9ine must have done something to piss of the Freemasons and the ‘elite’? Seems like the government is hell bent on destroying his name w/ all the information they’re letting come out to the public. His last album is him pissing on black and white tiles which I find telling
In a alternative timeline better than the one we're currently in, people would be raiding Jeffrey Epstein's New Mexico ranch en masse today and not as a meme
In a alternative timeline better than the one we're currently in, people would be raiding Jeffrey Epstein's New Mexico ranch en masse today and not as a meme
New "News" - Navy confirms UFO's are real! Time to get your lat transfer packages to the Space Force ready.
Why Interracial Relationships Are Pushed On White Women
Why is this a headline?
People in Haiti are forced to eat 'mud cookies' to survive
Why is this a headline in the UK??
Hmmm
Ed Buck, High dollar donor, finally being prosecuted after three suspicious OD deaths at house in three years.
The Zep Tepy Theory - Cheops and the Great Pyramid
Earth is dying and the media is covering it up
Ed Buck, third OD is a charm on prosecution. Prosecution wonders why it took three times. First two OD victims die, third finds shelter and yet comes back, possibly because the accused preys on young black addicts. Prosecution find hundred of pictures showing similar.
Storm 51 is a Japanese conspiracy to get Americans into watching more Naruto.
UFO-like Lights captured on stream during Area 51 Raid. Extremely Similar to Phoenix Lights
Bottomline of r/conspiracy?
Social Engineering
What if
If the Hollywood elites can "make" their problems disappear, then just imagine what our politicians are doing!
Storm Area 51, Is it Gonna Happen ?
Is "Storm Area 51" a distraction from "Earth Strike"?
Interesting word choice
Are we living in end times?
Gotta love the symbolism
Lmfao the bike at the end! Why did white kid try to fight them all lol
So .. people might have showed up to Area 51 for that raid
The UN want to ban minors in anime, guess which countries have higher child molestation rates?
This is absolutely left field crazy but humor me for a second
So the world's largest oil processing plant in Saudi Arabia which has invested billions of dollars in it's air defenses has been breached by re-tooled versions of a Russian designed missiles from the 1970s. That just doesn't sound right.
Alien Conspiracy: The monolith
Pakistan warns India's Kashmir move could lead to "nuclear war" if the world does not act
Numerology 333
INCOMING Mystery object approaching us from interstellar space could be ALIEN spacecraft, top scientist admits
Deleted Forbes climate change interview with Nir Shaviv, Chairman of the Physics Department at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem,PHD in Theoretical Astrophysics, Einstein Fellow at The Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton
The latest in Internet Alien Conspiracies
The Link’s Awakening remade was made by the government to keep people distracted from Area 51.
What did he done this time?
Land ownership in the era of the American revolution.
Got a new computer. Gmail/Microsoft apps term and conditions.....
Spread the word
Miami Herald. The msm outlet taking credit for breaking the Epstein case. Are they tobe trusted?
Outgoing BoE Governor wants to replace the Dollar as the de facto world currency. How do the US elite feel about this?
You Had Me at Bigfoot Podcast
Why doesn’t David Icke talk about Reptilians anymore?
Area 51 raid day: UFO &amp; alien hunters descending on Nevada as US military calls in reinforcements &amp; declares no-fly zone
"attack on pedophilia" is a deep state psyop
What is the Illuminati? The Archonic Illuminati conspiracy
What was the point of MKUltra experiments?
What is the Illuminati? The Satanic Illuminati conspiracy
Kiss pharma goodbye...
Breaking: NYPD Blows Whistle on Hillary Emails: Child Sex Crimes, Exploitation, Pay to Play, Perjury
BREAKING: NYPD BLOWS WHISTLE ON HILLARY EMAILS: CHILD SEX CRIMES, EXPLOITATION, PAY TO PLAY, PERJURY
opinion on technology
Jonathan Brockman Goes To Pedo Island: A Video and Essay
Have you guys noticed?
Trump call involving Ukraine at center of inspector general complaint, sources say
Common Myths About Email Archiving Debunked
How bad is facial recognition software used by law enforcement?
Nick Carter (The guy from the Backstreet Boys) and multiple rape coverup allegations
“Gangster Rap” and Prison For Profit
theory: "cattle mutilation" is just another form of insurance fraud -- blamed on "aliens".
Jonathan Brockman Goes to Pedo Island: A Video and Essay
US Navy confirms UFO videos are the real deal - CNN Report
Let's go back to memory lane. Hillary Clinton, Her emails and her involvement with horrific crimes towards children.
Does anyone have an explanation for Obama covering up for Epstein for two terms??? And I ONLY want to talk about this one thing.
More than just marketing... Amazon sorting limits options? Wtf
Snowden explains terrifying government spying powers
Hellen Keller was a lie.
Former child star Aaron Carter has had a lot of wild shit going on lately. He just accused his older brother Nick(who was in the Backstreet Boys) of abuse &amp; his sister of raping him from ages 10-13. Now he is comparing his brother to Jeffrey Epstein. He’s also being labeled as schizo.
Béchamp vs Pasteur &amp; The Germ Theory Hoax Part 2 - This second show was explosive! Info here you really don't anywhere else about the conspiracy of modern medicine.
Fossil fuel companies started the Area 51 raid meme as a way to distract everyone from the global Climate Strike on September 20.
Full House predicted the future of Aunt Becky's involvement in Operation Varsity Blues.
Just do it already if you can!!!
Did our government demonize Communism because they didn't want to provide every citizen with basic necessities?
Halsey part of the left-eye gang?
Update on #transpizza
If you look up Area 51 on Google, an article pops up talking about 2.9 billion birds dying. Cover up?
EMF causing tumors
Any good short 911 conspiracy videos for showing friends?
The guy that co-wrote The Art of the Deal for Trump did an AMA @ /r/politics which is still stickied. Claim to donate the royalties he receives to charity. Neglects mentioning the company/family that published the book is Reddit’s biggest shareholder. Advance Publications/SI Newhouse Family.
No Records of the 9/11 Planes?
Received a package with my own address as sender
Hot Topic: Climate change strike planned for the same day as Area 51 strom?
Is 'The Wizard of Oz' an esoteric allegory about waking up to deception?
Shia Lebouf accidentally discusses the bilderberg meeting during 'Hot Ones' on YouTube
Samsung Smart TV and YouTube recommendations
Thought you guys might like this: I got banned from r/News 7 days ago, and now r/inthenews too. More in comments.
Taking PewdiePie out of context and shitting on him
Man's Drunken or Dead? San Francisco - Heart 💖 of the Bity [Live]
New Blind Item from TheHimmmm on Twitter
Any good short 911 conspiracy videos for showing friends?
Khazaria (Link in SS)
Juul Goverment conspiracy
Area 51 raid?
US Navy patent for "Craft using an inertial mass reduction device" went active today...
The Big Picture and a Plan?
Prediction: “Whistleblower” stories in the news right now will be used to muddy the waters with another whistleblower story in the near future.
Corrupt dealing in Ukraine will take down both Biden and Trump.
Does anyone else see the symbol?
I’m stoned and have developed the grand unified conspiracy theory:
US Navy patent for "Craft using an inertial mass reduction device" went active today...
It's been over a month and the FBI still haven't raided Epstein's New Mexico ranch. No one has answers and it is blatantly mishandled. Anyone have updates or theories?
9/11 and the birth of modern terrorism
Democratic presidential candidate Marianne Williamson entertained 9/11 conspiracy theories in 2012 interview
Concert venue conspiracy
JFK conspiracy
Whistleblower Complaint about Trump involves Ukraine &amp; Biden? Be careful, will House Dems shoot themselves in the foot if this discloses Biden's Ukraine gas "deals" for his son?
Democratic presidential candidate Marianne Williamson entertained 9/11 conspiracy theories in 2012 interview
CNN - US Navy confirms UFO videos...we really are gonna see some kinda disclosure soon
Blackface. War with Iran. Let's not forgot about Epstein.
Area 51 memes died out but are magically popular again.
Mods or users of conspiracy
pizzagate
The Military Industrial Complex manufactures their own enemies
Remember when that "disgruntled" scientist at Fort Detrick decided to send letters full of Anthrax one week after 9/11 with letters that implied they were sent my terrorists?
Top conspiracies of all time
What do you guys think about the Shia LaBeouf bilderberg meeting chicken story?
Saw a robot lawnmower mowing a corporate lawn today, in real life. Last week we got on a plane with facial recognition kiosks installed and ready to go. Thumb print preferred for vending machines at my office.
During the Cold War, the C.I.A., FBI and other US agencies employed at least 1000 Nazis — including some SS officers — as spies and informants. (Now, the Nazis in Ukraine are used against Russia. Nothing changes)
whatever happened to the guy that visited the richat structure?
Conspiracy to block climate research
Know your presidential candidates&gt;&gt; #JoeBiden - Planned and orchestrated an illegal raid, on a foreign company, on a non-US citizen, in New Zealand without due process, and ignored the property rights of private citizens (including US citizens ) - just to help out a mate.
The first digital pill was an antipsychotic, with a tracking microchip in the pill
Real reason Instagram is taking away public likes and followers?
Cattle are being mutilated and killed in Eastern Oregon. No one is sure how or why.
Gobekli Tepe predates the accepted date of modern civilization by at least three thousand years. This site rewrites history as we know it, but if you knew the background and lead up to Gobekli Tepe you'd know it was more inevitable than improbable
I know an Area 51 raid distraction when I see one
Macaulay Culkin talks about his close calls with Hollywood pedophile producers, including mentions of Satanic sacrifice rituals and seeing shoes made of leather from skin of human children
Why does Israel feel the need to constantly try and validate their existence? It’s kinda like how people who are actually happy don’t feel a need to constantly reaffirm to everyone how happy they are. 🤔🤔🤭
I think Trump's whistleblower is worried a war is brewing.
I use American stream channels through a IPTV subscription.
The Illuminati. What is it?
Something is up . Not sure what but this is crazy. The second commercial
Missing 411 | Theories | What hunts humans in US national parks?
Could to the effort to ban vaping be part of the trade war with China?
Modern dictatorship in disguise
Annual tobacco settlement payments made to 46 US states and territories do not include revenue from vaping and other non-tobacco nicotine products.
Crop Circles
Phoenix FBI office framing criminal violence on conspiracy theorist
"Diversity" Is a Weapon Against White People
Any info on the huge reddit outage? The site was taken offline worldwide for hours! I've read a lot of speculation on DownDetectors comments, most relating to this 'Storm Area 51', which i cant back up. Did any big events take place yesterday between 13:00 - 16:00 (PDT-USA) / 20:00 - 23:00 (UTC-EU)?
Sol Pais, the girl whos blog updated after her death
Glowing red hot steel was still being pulled out from the wreckage of the WTC buildings 2 weeks after 911
New evidence claims Epstein was running a Ponzi scheme worth 500 million dollars.
raiding area 52
Murder on the Moon:Conspiracy Theories Series
The Drones Used in The Saudi Refinery Attack Have the Exact Same Panel and Stabilizer as the Israeli IAI Harpy Drone. Hmmmmm
Luke from we are change is computer generated since he returned from hong kong.
Possible cancer cure discovered. Hopefully he doesn't "commit suicide" soon and it's all for nothing just like many past cases of people with cures either disappearing or dying
What is this groups opinion on TTSA?
What is the symbolic significance of doctor facemasks?
Priorities!
UM
Worlds In Collision
CIA: Elites Torture Children &amp; Drink Their Adrenalised Blood
With New Investigation at Duke and U.N.C., Feds Hunt Anti-Israel Bias in Higher Education
Music and Fortune Cookie
Sabotaging the Dissident Press. A ringside View of Operation CHAOS from someone who was there.
According to a Russian politician and author, this organization is above freemasonry. They have a faction in charge of ridiculing conspiracies and promoting the term conspiracy theory in a negative way. They were also behind the collapse of the Soviet Union.
It's weird how powerful pedophiles protect each other.
How is it not a big deal that Mark Whalberg just flat out admits to working for Mossad in this video?
What's the situation on the Area 51 raid?
How we got where we are today, and then some.
State: Upside down flag over Capitol building was a mistake, not a message
Three Countries that Have No Central Banks Controlled by the Rothschilds
[Video] Soylent Green Beyond Meat - Project Blue Beam Alien Invasion
Research project #AMEBA #SLAC #s.a.i.n.t. #SRI
#transpizza is currently trending on twitter lol
Saw This On The News Yesterday, Another Victim Murdered!
Hotels near Area 51 flood with bookings for the night of storming
It's weird how powerful pedophiles protect each other.
Alternative Cause of Recent Hot Weather Records
"Why did Soros' son have several meetings with Canadian PM and is that related to Clinton's?" - Earliest Q drops in October 2017. Think the answer will affect outcome of Canada's PM election on October 21, 2019?
Just sharing this with everyone
Creepy Symbolism in new "Sandy Hook Promise" Video: Baphomet, Ping Pong, Tate, &amp; More???
Emergency sirens islandwide accidentally set off during police training exercise
I Saw it on TV... So It Must Be Real!
Area 51 Raid on the same day as the climate change march
Murder on the Moon:Conspiracy Theories Series
Re: Ed Buck - The Hunters become the Hunted - Q drop July 2019. Ed Buck bagged by the Hunt with his arrest this week and now transferred to federal custody.
Area 51 (Recovered Footage)
Boeing's Corruption of our Space Program is in plain sight!
TIL the creator of the infamous "merchant meme" was A. Wyatt Mann, alias of Nick Bougas, a Jew and Satanist who made documentaries about Charles Manson and Anton LaVey.
Force no ads before Amber Alert
How Many Future Terrorists Did The United States Create Yesterday?
Slack, thanks for blocking the words "alex jones" to be searched, you just saved my life today....
I don’t know but this “funny video” seems to be explaining the entertainment industry.
Flat Earth Faking Asteroids/How to stop Alien Abduction
WorldNews is a mainstream leftwing shill sub.
Open wide
What if the gas masks being sent to Hong Kong are already covered in mind-altering drugs?
Attack on Saudi Oil Fields: Who Don' It?
We Can’t Go Back to the ‘80s: White Delusions About Identity Politics
NJ mom: We've seen my missing daughter on sex website
input on a satire article on gun control
r/science is overrun with pharma bots &amp; shills and they suspect nothing because of the pharma/vaccine worship-conditioning they received in school
The mass hallucination called morality, have you been brainwashed to believe morals exist?
Attack on Saudi Oil Fields: Who Don' It?
[DISCLOSURE] UFO phenomena and $multimillion$ Defense Dept project acknowledged by US NAVY and MSM 9/19/19
It really makes you think...
The Story of Betty and Barney Hill
Conspiracy theory. I'm starting to think that all these pedophile mainstream media awareness is a plan to soft out the blow of something that may be revealed in the future. What could be is speculation but maybe there is a Snowden 2.0 related to this topic
Khmer Rouge in 2019: What will happen?
Acknowledgement of UFO phenomena by US NAVY and MSN
Racism is a political tool and conspiracy. Prove that "no type of racism is righteous". Prove that hatred is wrong. Racism's concept and definition don't include "racism is wrong". Hence, some types of racism are fair and righteous.
How long before Ed Buck is suicided?
Don't let it get forgotten with the raid coming up!!
Did Apple predict how the newest Bay of Pigs invasion will turn out?
Why do I get the feeling Trump is the equivalent of Gorbachev?
A Defeated World Order : The Occult Reviewer - 2019 Documentary on Illuminati Symbolism and the Goals of the Illuminati Cabal
The latest whistleblower conspiracy on r politics is ridiculous.
US Navy confirms leaked ‘UFO videos’ are real and never should have been...
The Justin Trudeau Story is a Distraction for Conservatives
I find it weird that a few months ago Trudeau went to India, where the speculation was that they were setting him up/mocking him making him dress up in crazy cultural shit to then go to meetings with India leaders who were wearing business suits. Its almost like they knew about the brown face photos
"While preparing your order, I noticed that your design uses imagery that is protected material. I'm referring to the image of the Epstein House on the front of the image." - CustomInk, 2019
Philippines declares new polio outbreak after 19 years (Except oops it was vaccine-strain polio)
Why White People Aren't Having Kids
Entertainment media and the indoctrination of the young .
Just a friendly reminder how the search/news is tailored for our viewing pleasure.
50% upvoted, 3k upvotes, #1 spot on one of the most visited sites in the world
Any anti-conspiracy theorists out there?
Christopher Leonard: "Kochland: The Secret History of Koch Industries and Corporate Power in America" BookTV
And how many people have gotten sick from cigarettes? I think the FBI should launch a criminal probe into the cigarette business
As someone who works in a major government department in the Philippines, what can a simple man like me do against corruption?
Eyes Wide Shut - Smashing through the mask
Nastia 6.9 | Area 69 | N69001
Worth a look for newer members. Don't buy into the fear.
FBI Says conspiracy theorists are domestic terrorists
Wes Penre Papers (WPP) - The Grid and How To Exit The Matrix (Soul Trap) - [16:46]
Why hasn't this sub talked about this yet? Picture taken inside Jeffrey Epstein's child recruiter Ghislaine Maxwell in 2007.
U.S. drone strike kills 30, injures 40 pine nut farm workers in Afghanistan. That'll teach em to stop picking pine nuts and get back into the poppy fields and pick the opium!
U.S. Navy confirms Tom DeLonge of Blink-182 was right about UFOs
If there's no God, then why are the elites wrong for destroying humanity?
Pedo Symbols in Cali-Colombia restaurant mural
Overstock Gets $100 Million from Soros Fund for Blockchain and More
Mainstream media and the government start inching toward admitting aliens are here just days before the area 51 raid. Could they be worried some dumb kid will actually see something accidentally so they're trying to cushion the fall of the lies?
"Iranian military fires at classified US drone" - What the fuck kind of drone is this?
The Conspiracy and Cover Up is Ancient History of Cataclysm
Theory on Reddit's AutoModerator Sticky Comment Intentionally Ruining and Muddying Up Comment Sections
Theory on Reddit's AutoModerator Sticky Comment Intentionally Ruining and Muddying Up Comment Sections
Facebook content cleaners = Trauma and low wages
How the Huffington Post covered Covington Catholic students painting themselves black for a sporting event. vs. How the Huffington Post covered Prime Minister Trudeau actually doing blackface.
#transpizza is now trending on Twitter
Rep. Meadows: James Comey's problems are just now starting
[Video] Michio Kaku thinks US has the worst education system known to Science.
Assemblywomen, an ancient Greek play written by Aristophanes
Will the "Deal of the Century" Lead to war with Iran and Israel?
What is this a cover up for? Or is it a serious situation that I have seen now thing about anywhere until now?
I've tried posting this video to multiple subreddits but it keeps getting blocked or completely ignored. Haunting Sandy Hook Promise video.
US Drone Strike in Afghanistan Kills 30 Pine Nut Farmers who had Gathered Around a Campfire Celebrating After a Long Day Working in the Fields.
Just a reminder that Jeff Bezos already was rich when he "founded" Amazon. He comes from the King Family of Texas, once the states largest land owners.
This conspiracy stunned me
U.s navy confirms leaked “UFO Videos” are real and never should have bee...
Understanding Politics - There's no money in solving problems, there's money in creating and maintaining problems
STORM AREA 51 WILL HAVE CALL GIRLS THERE
Alleged video of Iranian military shooting at UFO
Beneath Contempt - former UK ambassador and torture whistleblower Craig Murray unloads on the Saudi monarchy.
So if your state is democrat it can go ahead and start practicing socialism? What a time...
Strange Alien Skull Discovered In Africa - Real or Hoax
The Drudge Report deliberately and deceptively misconstrued the words of the Iranian Foreign Minister to continue the push for war with Iran. Fuck Matt Drudge.
Former Overstock CEO Byrne sold his shares, blaming the Deep State
Alarming Trump 'Promise' to Foreign Leader Reportedly Sparked Whistleblower Complaint Intel Chief Is Hiding From Congress
Two sides of the same coin: "War is war and Hell is hell, there's no innocent bystanders in hell"
Saw this and figured you guys would like this. If not delete
The Federal Reserve, the EU Central Bank and the Bank of England are controlled by apprentices of the Jesuits.
The idea of duality when applied to freemasonry. A friendly fraternity or a secret society? Some interesting facts about the Rothschilds and other European oligarchs and also, what interesting facts do you know about freemasonry and other secret societies?
Five companies control 90% of the media in the US. These and companies on the outside are controlled by the CIA, the Jesuits and their apprentices.
The black pope used spies to obtain the complete plans for the largest ground invasion in military history, the German invasion of Russia in WWII.
The Jewish role in the German communist revolution of 1919, The Treaty of Versailles and The Munich agreement.
Communism was tested by the Jesuits in Paraguay before the Russian revolution. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
The Jewish role in the Russian Communist revolution.
Who's Funding the Anti-Trump Resistance? The Money Trail Leads Back to Soros
Jewish six million number symbolism from the Talmud. The 6 million figure showing up in different places before WWII.
Can I still be a Republican if I know that Jesus is not real? Can I still be a Democrat if I know that the "Climate Crisis" not real? Seems like each side has it's religious zealots who have feel the need to expel anyone who doesn't believe in the major "religion" of their side
Can we just call it what it is? This is a leaker, not a whistleblower
CNN cuts their Live feed on active duty sodldier explaining why war with Iran is uncessary
What have we lost since 9/11
The Book the Government Does Not Want You to Read Just Hit #1 in the World: "Today, everyone is one the list, no matter how innocent. The question is no longer "Am I on the list," it is "What's my rank on the list?"
Could this an attempt at a PR fix using "Youtubers" now that the PR companies refused to help? Or am I over digging
Epstein was murdered, but who did it?
Family member used to have a pretty high up political position. What's safe to assume about him?
Trump has named more ex-lobbyists to cabinet-level positions in three years than Obama and Bush did in eight
I made a list a false reports from the right-wing media proving that they are the real fake news
It's weird how powerful pedophiles protect each other.
Michael Flynn Graymails the Government
So, the area 52 raid is soon, they just announced this.. Maybe a distraction to say that they're (aliens) exist so we dont need to raid? Idk take a look...
Could this an attempt at a PR fix using "Youtubers" now that the PR companies refused to help? Or am I over digging
Don't Forget how many innocents were droned by Obama
John Carpenters " They Live "
Tell-N-Sell Online - Latest News - Tell-n-Sell | PRLog
NEW CDAN Epstein related post.
Spider-man: Far From Home as Predictive Programming for Project Blue Beam
Project Blue beam
Will Americans Let Trump Start World War III for Saudi Arabia and Israel?: If the U.S. military, or Israel or Saudi Arabia, had a viable plan to attack Iran without triggering a wider war, they would have done so long ago.
UFO False Flag
Famous NFL player keeps exposing the satanic agenda. Is he a walking dead man?
“The New Hate” by Arthur Goldwag
Ed Buck Finally arrested!!!
Rothschild Emerges From The Shadows For The Centenary Of The London Gold Fixing
Video capture of Helicopter firing into Las Vegas crowd. Look above the stage right in the middle of the screen
Earth's climate has been changing for Millions upon Millions of years even before human civilization, But the Elites in the Government want to tax me higher because somehow this recently climate change is my fault.
Helicopter sighting in the Las Vegas shooting footage that I found on YouTube today
Is there any truth to this story? I've spent hours digging and it all seems to lead back to a single source which has been deleted, some have links to the interview but all are also deleted.
Google’s Hate Speech-Detecting AI is Biased Against Black People Or maybe black people speak with more "racist" terminology.
Just gonna set this down here...
"Ufo confirmed" states the US Navy. A truth or a diversion?
Who wants leaks?
[Meta] An Ordinary Guide to the Moon
2 accusers died within months of each other as the third agrees to drop case.
Ex-Model Who Attempted to Reveal Berlusconi’s Satanic Practices Died from Painful Radioactive Poisoning
Why so many people believe conspiracy theories
Trump whistleblower issue - promise to a foreign leader ?
globabl climate channge strike starts on september 20th
Epstein saga all a “RUSE” - but by who and why?
No Longer A ‘Conspiracy’, MSM Now Advocating Spraying Particles Into The Sky To Dim The Sun
Vilnius: Liberation or occupation?!
The Climate Strike on September 20th was made as a distraction from the Area 51 Raid
Keeping people
Shaman Seeking To Drive Putin From Kremlin Snatched By Masked Men In Uniforms
I think masculinty is being slowly crushed because strong men are difficult to control
Claim UFOs are real? Local new posted this today, anyone else hear about this?
Any Panama paper updates?
I'm convinced that Brexit was and still is an orchestrated ruse to make loads of money by short selling the GBP.
Breaking down propaganda in real time; how various news outlets have covered the photograph featuring Canadian Prime Minster Justin Trudeau in "brownface" on their respective homepages.
Non-aligned apparently
An Ordinary Guide to the Moon
Lyme disease is the cause of all autoimmune disorders?
“… The group that’s behind the network of control are the Jesuits, and there are also some groups behind them. One of these groups are hominids, they’re not human beings. …” They are hyper-intelligent, large-skulled, blue eyed homo capensis from a prior age.
Jeffrey Epstein Latest
Kevin Spacey Accuser Dies in Midst of Sexual Assault Lawsuit WHERE WERE BILL AND KILLARY?! #SHITPOST
Awakening From A Nightmare: A Short Film
Jeffrey Epstein Latest
The US Government Doesn't Want You to Realize the War in Syria is the Continuation of their Global Race War!
Hello, I am a documentary filmmaker in college who is making a documentary about reptillians.
us army
The weirdest test ever is for the Mandela Effect, because if it does exist the answers can change
Snapchat Media Trudeau damage control
Climate Propagandist gets schooled on basic science by MIT genius in audience. Crowd become furious about climate lies, hostess calls cops.
In light of the recent NAVY UFO / UAP disclosure, remember the Wilson Leak and what it revealed.
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 9/?
Ice-making submarines could fight climate change by refreezing the Arctic
Simply telling people (n=7,250) they would receive a tax rebate increased their support for a carbon tax of $50-$70 per metric ton of carbon. This suggests that “revenue recycling” is the way to make carbon taxes popular.
"Respiratory pandemic"
/r/worldnews is downplaying Trudeau’s blackface by naming it a brownface. Let’s just call it what it is: it’s a BLACKFACE and it’s incredibly racist.
Recover Data from Broken Screen Samsung via Broken Android Data Recovery
How do you feel about the recent Sandy Hook PSA video?
Why is federal government necessary?
Bannon nailed it re China
Government linked to death of Epstein???
Odessa shooting bamboozle? Or staged?
Thoughts?
Kevin Spacey Accuser Dies in Midst of Sexual Assault Lawsuit
IDK if this is the right place to post just a theory that came to mind, but I wonder if it's plausible?
Bill Simmons podcast is supposedly funded by Knights of JB Smoove
What are these strange lights above the Las Vegas NV Sky
More Information on Isaac's Restaurant in Grand Rapids MI?
Democratic donor drugs dudes to death
Killary
Cross posted as new topic from vaping related cat. .
Would Trump give classified info to Russia to have them hand Snowden over?
How long does Reddit have left?
Navy admits that UFO’s are real.
Mark Zuckerberg lied to Congress. Facebook admitted in a federal document they are a publisher, not a platform
Hillary Clinton has more people betting she'll be the 2020 Democratic nominee than any of the actual candidates.
The aliens are fleeing before the raid!
That’s One way to do it
Let Me Be Frank, something is rotten about this death
All seeing eye on the suit of Mysterio in Spiderman Far From Home.
Area 51 so called "raid'
I've really got to give President Trump credit, as it appears he's once again going to reject the neocon warmonger demand of militarily striking Iran. Watch for the False Flag's to intensify.
When you asked for help about reporting on a pedophile... This is the responds I got..
Ana Kasparian of The Young Turks misquoted Yang's policy, and now after she was attacked for it she has now Doubled Down on that lie and is continuing to spread more lies about the Freedom Dividend
The aliens are fleeing before the raid!
In defence of conspiracy theories (and why the term is a misnomer)
Mystery Sky Sounds
Re: Ed Buck, The Hunters become the Hunted - Q drop July 2019. Ed Buck is bagged by the Hunt after his arrest yesterday.
question for this community
Photo shows Canadian premier Justin Trudeau wearing 'brownface' (Why is it always them?)
What is your most convincing piece of evidence that either proves or disproves the official holocaust narrative?
It's weird how powerful pedophiles protect each other.
The truth behind the forest fires
U.s navy confirms leaked “UFO Videos” are real and never should have bee...
There's one conspiracy I haven't seen mentioned here: ghosts. So many people love talking about ghosts, but are they real? Is there an industry behind it? Or is there a psychological disorder going around?
Indonesia's Annual Forest Fires
So has anyone talked about the possibility of Epstein using a clone to go to jail, while the real one is free?
Apple Weather app stopped reported denver air quality
Whistleblower perhaps signaling Trump promising Saudi Arabia a war with Iran?
Macaulay Culkin on Ellen: Points for How Many Pedo References You Can Find in This One Video
Pompeo Admits “No Evidence” Iran Attacked Saudi Arabia
Theory: Major Factions of TPTB have been at war for the past few years and that’s why we’re seeing so much come to light, spiritual awakenings, glitches in the matrix, etc.
Skip to 1:45 released in 2016. Now we wait for orders from the prince of Saudi Arabia on how to utilize our military in their favor. Forget about them killing one of our journalists, being called out by it by Turkey, and how we acknowledged it only a year ago, and we just brushed it under the rug...
USWGO news reporter Brian filed Two appeals and then a motion to temporarily reverse SRV Revocation
Navy Confirms UFO Videos Posted by Blink 182 Rocker Are Real And Should Not Have Been Released
That's convenient...
Pope summons world leaders to sign global pact
Xfinity up to something
POPE SUMMONS WORLD LEADERS TO SIGN GLOBAL PACT
"Reddit hasn't been Pro-Isreal enough lately, so the Jewish Defense League will be stepping in to fill that gap." - Official Reddit Twitter, 2011
The Saudi refinery attack came from the NW and the weapon used was IAI Harpy Drones
Donald Trump made a promise to a foreign leader that was so troubling, a whistleblower urgently reported it to the Justice Department. Around the same time, the U.S. had to rush to remove a spy deep within the Kremlin because his cover was blown and his life was in danger.
Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant, etc-- Doesn't it seem a bit Orwellian?
Interesting video of navy confirming a ufo. What’s the benefit of them doing this? I’ve heard tons of theories that this is advanced tech to possibly alien tech. Either way what’s the benefit of telling the public?
"Reddit hasn't been Pro-Isreal enough lately, so the Jewish Defense League will be stepping in to fill that gap." - Official Reddit Twitter, 2011
Kevin Spacey accuser dies before sexual assault lawsuit proceeds
skip to 1:45 released in 2016. Now we wait for orders from the prince of Saudi Arabia on how to utilize our military in their favor. Forget about them killing one of our journalists, being called out by it by Jordan, and how we acknowledged it only a year ago, and we just brushed it under the rug.
Seems a little odd even with how ad algorithms work.
Major Democrat Donor Ed Buck Arrested &amp; Charged With Running Hollywood Drug House!
Alien headlines to distract people from Snowden’s memoirs?
The Sheeple Wake Up
Justin Trudeau in Blackface.
What are the most widely believed conspiracy theories?
Latest On 2nd Kevin Spacey Accuser Dying This Time in Midst of Sexual Assault Lawsuit
Second Kevin Spacey Accuser Dies, This Time in Midst of Sexual Assault Lawsuit
Robert O'Brien: Trump names new national security adviser. "While at the UN, he worked with Mr Bolton, who was then the ambassador. He has also worked for former secretaries of state Condoleezza Rice and Hillary Clinton."
All credit to u/lucky_jay2001
Is the Media is calling Justin Trudeau's recently uncovered photos "brownface" instead of "blackface" to 'soften the blow' and mitigate negative popular opinion against him? If it was a different politician, would they would have just said "blackface?" [OC]
The big brother national anthem.
Navy Confirms UFO Videos Posted by Blink 182 Rocker Are Real And Should Not Have Been Released
US Navy confirms UFO type object in sky
I think this is a distraction for Area 51. Or something to “ease our curiousity”
Much friction exists between former Director John Brennan's CIA and Trump/MBS. Trump had his buddy MBS, Saudi Arabia's de facto ruler, forcibly replace the CIA's choice for ruler Nayef 2 years ago. So is it possible the CIA asked the Houthis and/or Iran to bomb the refinery this week?
Cui Bono, Israel, and the Attack on Saudi Oil
US Navy confirms UFO videos are real
counterterrorists are the real terrorists
keep being auto re subbed to political humouor
I think that the moon is made of cheese. Advanced space mice will mine the moon, which will alter its orbit. This will send the moon crashing into the Earth killing us all.
EL PASO Walmart SHOOTING : Witnesses in blue gloves (Origins)
Yesterday the Navy confirmed that the UFO videos Tom Delonge released are real. This video goes over Tom Delonge's timeline of events obtaining those videos and his government advisers
Three Shooters Wearing Black Tactical Gear: Eyewitness Testimonies From San Bernardino and El Paso
Another Kevin Spacey Accuser Dead
#1 post on r/news- Navy confirms story about UFOs. Keep in mind the trillions missing from the Pentagon over the years
Racist Hypocrite PM Justin Trudeau Wore Brownface at 2001 ‘Arabian Nights’ Party While He Taught at a Private School
A Message to My Former Colleagues at Overstock - Patrick Byrne
Muster Sky Sounds
Whats in Area 51 (toxic waste and counterterrorism)
Repo Rates Jump to 10% Overnight(unprecedented)
Reddit went down just around the time this started going viral, just a wild thought😂
Creepy "Sandy Hook Promise" Video - "Back-To-School Essentials"
Outside the Box Experience Enlightenment Transmission One-Time Event Dave Oshana Appearance [09/27/19]
A couple of days before the Area 51 raid distraction. How convenient...
#FreeBritney is trending, so I went to play a song that I felt like was appropriate for the occasion (I'm a Slave 4 U) ... AND ITS NOT ON SPOTIFY, the whole album is missing. "I'm a slave for you (take that) I cannot hold it, I cannot control it I'm a slave"
What are they hiding? US Navy confirms UFO video – but it wasn’t meant for public release
Is it Possible the Jews or Julius Caesar (who jews supported or was a Jew himself) were the ones that Destroyed the Library of Alexandria?
Edward R. Murrow's full RTNDA speech - 1958. A conspiracy 61 years in the making. 5-6 Corporations now control 90% of media.
Hmm
Down the rabbit hole we go
Philiphines trolls the real ones . President Duterte got us president using a army of trolls in the region hi own CEBU. Fake accounts in reddit, facebook, twitter and instagram. Anything to get the power. Now hi is elected cost 10.000 murderes in 2 years by the own police.
Did the NSA secretly put bases on the Moon in 1958 under Project Adam &amp; Eve?
many are having dreams/visions about the future of America
12 year old Reddit account, not white, successful immigrant gets his guilded post in askreddit deleted because it shows the ugly side of the Democrat party.
Ben Swann back on the Tin Foil Hat Podcast
Kevin Spacey sex assault accuser dies before trial.
FBI and NSA PSYCHOPATHS are conducting these NON-CONSENSUAL SECRET, ILLEGAL, SADISTIC, PERVERTED and PSYCHOPATHIC SYNTHETIC TELEPATHY EXPERIMENTS and PSYCHO-ELECTRONIC WEAPON ATTACKS on hundreds of thousands of innocent american citizens
#FreeBritney is trending, so I went to play a song that I felt like was appropriate for the occasion (I'm a Slave 4 U) ... AND ITS NOT ON SPOTIFY, the whole album is missing. "I'm a slave for you (take that) I cannot hold it, I cannot control it I'm a slave"
Am I being surveilled?
Central Bankers' Desperate Grab for Power
Facebook in Latin America is censoring anything “related” to 9/11 by deeming images that resemble two towers and a airplane as inappropriate or sensitive content. Here are some examples.
What is the Manilow connection?
Meditation
r/Conspiracy down &amp; where did the Epstein posts go?
Military Helicopters Spotted Over Pittsburgh For Department Of Defense Training
The world is full of poetry
Ben Swann back on the Tin Foil Hat Podcast
To the people who dont believe in aliens, what's your reason?
I'm not even sure how to title this. I mean really?!!!
Stay away from cops. They will murder you.
Perhaps the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that Bitcoin is decentralized.
Modern Idol Worship
See These Crazy Conspiracies, Complete with Awesome Videos.
My theory on paid shills and similar accounts that are attacking this forum
There is an astroturfed conspiracy to cover-up Omar's marital history on Reddit [OC]
Someone is deleting UFO videos off of YouTube.
Is NFL Owner Jerry Jones Alex Jones' grandfather [:40]? Alex spent most of his formative years in Dallas and I'm curious if anyone had additional information behind this connection claim RE: One of the most well-known, visible, and influential NFL owners in the modern era.
I just personally witnessed #housingforall go from #1 on trending to not on the list at all in a matter of minutes.
You guys are absolutely some of the smartest I’ve met in the internet. First you called the Epstein “suicide” then you guys said the gov will slowly leak UFO information. 2 for 2.
Another Epstein-related Blind from #CDAN. Best Guesses: Mark Shand is the guy who got killed. He's the brother of Camilla, the wife of Prince Charles, who Enty seems to be implicating as well (no big surprise).
Epstein, Jewish Charities, &amp; The Eastern European Link
Anyone here take antidepressants?
Disclosure soon, or just distraction?
US Pedophile Rings: Epstein, Jewish Charities, &amp; The Eastern European Link
Some of the Craziest Conspiracies Complete with Videos.
Ignorance breeds success. This is what you're facing.
College is just a cover to hide connected peoples nepotism.
Why is Trump being blamed for Global Warming by progressives? Clinton Free Trade agreements moved US jobs overseas to countries with no environmental regulations.
The term conspiracy theorist was coined by the CIA to discredit anyone who dared questioned.
Is Tom Delonge right?
It's well known Google manipulates search results. This is just another example, was looking for the second video and the joker trailer pops up.
Anyone else seen this “PSA” from Sandy Hook? Submission Statement- Sandy Hook has released a “PSA” to further the gun control argument, when the irony in this is that Sandy Hook was a false flag.
Robert Bigelow is a self made billionaire and the biggest personal financer of paranormal and UFO research in history. He is connected to UFOs, Skinwalker Ranch, Cattle Mutilations, the CIA, the DIA, consciousness studies, SpaceX, NASA and the pentagon UFO program.
Robert Bigelow is a self made billionaire and the biggest personal financer of paranormal and UFO research in history.
24 is an important number.
The Conversation
Explo systems 2012 explosion and environmental destruction
Why is pedophilia such a trending topic right now?
CTRL+F "Epstein" on the top 10 news sites
Theory, Fact, or Reasonable Assumption?
Is there nothing being rich can’t stop?
BoOm! Director general of the National Intelligence Coordination Centre in Canada arrested yesterday for selling FiveEyes intel to criminals. Makes a lot of our favorite Anon's posts make more sense (phones, foreign traitors). Remember nothing is happening :)
Throwback: Cynthia McKinney grilling Rumsfeld on $2.3 trill missing, 9/11 drills &amp; child sex trafficking involved companies with Pentagon contracts
Throwback: Cynthia McKinnely grilling Rumsfeld on $2.3 trill missing, 9/11 drills &amp; child sex trafficking involved companies with Pentagon contracts
"Kevin Spacey Accuser Dies in Midst of Sexual Assault Lawsuit" A second accuser has now died. Wow.
The CIA invented “Conspiracy Theory” in hopes of defaming those who questioned the governments motives.
BoOm! Director general of the National Intelligence Coordination Centre in Canada arrested yesterday for selling FiveEyes intel to criminals. Makes a lot of our favorite Anon's posts make more sense (phones, foreign traitors). Remember nothing is happening :)
US Navy Confirms UFO Videos Are Authentic
Updates on the dozens of remains under the Vatican?
Faced with insurmountable odds would you approve nuking a legion of invading robots?
Are you fucking serious... Who didn't see this happening?
DEMOCRATIC MEGADONOR ARRESTED! BREAKING NEWS Unbelievable What He Did
The danger of information arbiters and search engine monopolies
Priestesses of Atlantis - The Mysterious Ladies of Elche and Guardamar
We need a Mosh 2.0
Well, it’s safe to say the media has gone back to their old ways of distracting from a super important issue, and making it about gender! The Epstein case is being actively covered up.
Global Consciousness Project and 9/11
Area 51 has ‘secrets that deserve to be protected’, warns US Air Force general
The purge of America
Hellen Keller Is The Biggest Lie In History
SIDS, along with autism and brain damage, and vaccines, cannot be associated with eachother if vaccines are to sell. Here's Wyeth concealing a link between DTP and SIDS.
The Elite don't want you to know how powerful you really are, how powerful your thoughts are, or how much you can help create peace on Earth.
Shady twitter account and what looks to be a front of a company behind the name
Another Kevin Spacey sex assault accuser dead
The BBC doing more cover up work for the pedo elites
I wonder what
Strange creature Alien was discovered in the mountain forests. unknown being was black color of look like on an alien. in the forests of there are anomalous zones where UFO
Where can I find all the Isaak Kappy videos, this man was speaking as someone who had inside access
Kevin Spacey sex assault accuser dead
Woman cured cancer in 'terminally ill' patients back in 1950's
Elongated Skulls Found In Cemetery In Mexico
be a good little worker
Whats going on with BestGore?
Navy Confirms UFO Videos Posted by Blink 182 Rocker Are Real and Should Not Have Been Released
Kevin Spacey Accuser Dies in Midst of Sexual Assault Lawsuit
Massage therapist who accused Kevin Spacey of sexual assault dies
E-Cig PSYOP or Sabotage?
Two million people could storm Area 51 this week. Here’s the history of humanity’s search for aliens | National Post
National Intelligence Chief is refusing to provide whistleblower complaint to Congress, in violation of the law
Andrew yang, China and reddit
Warning: The Hong Kong crisis can degenerate into the second coming of the Khmer Rouge.
✨ The 4th World - Human Independence Day, Pt.1 ✨
So this Sandy Hook video popped up
Hi Bill Simmons
Best Gore Down?
BestGore down?
What "higher authority" is Joseph Maguire yielding to with his lawless attempt to bury this whistleblower's request for intelligence oversight?
After Hong Kong police's violent act in Prince Edward station on 8/31, some suspect that they have killed some protestors and tried to hide the murders. It is also suspected that they have tortured protestors in Sun Uk Ling Holding Centre.
The 4th World - Human Independence Day, Pt.1
Christianity could just be a huge lie to cover up the fact that Mary cheated on Joseph with another guy.
Kevin Spacey Accuser Dies in Midst of Sexual Assault Lawsuit
Local news story on TV is blatant Chipotle advertisement
Did Purdue Pharma Cause the Opioid Epidemic?
Kevin Spacey Accuser Dies in Midst of Sexual Assault Lawsuit
BUSTED!! New Evidence Leaks, Shows Ilhan Omar is using a Fake Name
The Cabal Theme in The Blacklist - Influence of Secret Societies - Is Greta Thunberg from a Swedish Masonic family? - Greta's great-grandfather Svante Arrhenius is the "inventor" of Climate Change - Climate Change Agenda [Eugenic Agenda?]
Mia Khalifa - On Her Regular Day Moments IS SHE THE SAME PORSEN?
CNN Books Lewandowski After He Said Didn’t Have To Be Honest to the Public
The recent vaping deaths were caused solely by tainted black market THC cartridges. Banning flavored nicotine WILL NOT SAVE THE CHILDREN!
YouTube scrubbed every video of Sandy Hook father laughing and preparing tears before press conference
Well, e-cigarettes got banned in India and cigarette stocks went up. USA is not far... Total BS!
Edward Snowden: U.S. Planning to Seize Profits From Book Is 'Good for Bitcoin'
UFO videos of mysterious aircraft spotted by military pilots are real, US Navy says
An Amateur Managed to Make The Best Video of Area 51 and a UFO
Putin about Yemen: Saudi Arabia should Read the Quran and buy our S-300
Aaron Carter MK Ultra?
Nobody actually gives a shit about the controlled demolitions theory on 9/11
What Are They Capable Of?
What is your Cascadia Subduction Zone earthquake prediction?
Watch Live! Snowden’s Permanent Record: The Good, The Bad And The Misinformation
AI creates new flu vaccine, all on its own
Democratic donor Ed Buck ARRESTED for running a drug den and 'being a violent sexual predator' | What are the chances He makes it to trial?
Racially Motivated Attacks in Minnesota by Somalis, yet Whites are the "Threat"
Pennsylvania state Sen. Mike Folmer arrested on child porn charges
This is the temperature graph catastrophic anthropogenic global warming alarmists don't want you to see
Sudden influx of Chinese content
A Question: What do you guys think will happen at the area 51 raid?
Behind The Illusion; George Clooney - Tiffany FitzHenry
Nancy Pelosi confirms full support of "Pro democracy" activists in Hong Kong.
The Japanese are dumbing down ((!W,H.I,T.E,S!)))through Super Mario Bros. what Japanese kid is going to identify with Mario or Luigi? I mean, what Japanese have blue eyes?
90% of the United States’ media is controlled by five media conglomerates. There is no conservative or liberal media, only corporate propaganda.
Weird light
r/Cringe mods continue removing multiple top posts criticizing Lily Singh's new show
Jason momoa ‘aquaman’ touching his OWN kids in public
'Meet American Empire's Doctor Death'--the hideous and inhuman CIA mind control research of chemist Sidney Gottlieb
Well, e-cigarettes got banned in India and cigarette stocks went up. USA is not far... Total BS!
Increase in British military active drills in North Scotland; Precursor to Brexit?!
They literally want to watch us in our homes. Shame for those who buy it
The government &amp; healthcare companies dont need 23 &amp; and Me to get your DNA if you’ve ever gone to the doctor. You gave up those rights with HIPAA law.
Immanuel Velikovsky interview
Trilogy Part 2 : The Whistleblower-to-be of The World Biggest Conspiracy? Clues Hidden in Aaron Swartz’s last blogpost Raw Thought Titled “What Happens in The Dark Knight”?
USA follows an agenda of separating the mass by pushing individualism. Gender, Race, Education, anything and everything from marketing and on. Here’s why.
Friend of ours found dead, media made him out to be drug addicted murderer. One year later that turns out to be untrue
judgement on America, JESUS still saves
A joke ad promoting cigarettes to cure vaping (but people will turn to cigarettes if vaping is banned)
Is there a bigger explanation to the homelessness epidemic in America?
This is going to usurp their whole federal reserve system. Federal indictments being unsealed: Current and Former Precious Metals Traders Charged with Multi-Year Market Manipulation Racketeering Conspiracy.
So I just noticed that r/the_donald is gone again? Was quarantined, but now mia? Did the go private or get wiped?
Oh no, not another O.T.O. conspiracy theory! - Marco Visconti
Everything is inverted, Blacks and Palestinians who are treated like trash and taught to be viewed as lowly are really Gods chosen. While those we are taught to idolize and mimic are depraved and full of evil.
Is it just me or is Greta Thunberg just a tool “frontman” for a hidden agenda?
David Icke EXPOSES the "Anti Semitism Industry"!
Everyone’s next focus should be on energy weapons. Research them, know them and get accustomed to them because they will be your worst enemy in a couple years
Joseph Goebbels’ Diaries Reveal Inconvenient Truths That Challenge Conventional Narratives
Legendary Journalist &amp; Political Commentator “Cookie Roberts” passed on at 75.
Can anyone identify this pin?
Rabbi at Prominent NYC Orthodox School Charged With Producing Child Pornography
Google "us navi ufo leak", thank me later
Marching orders kept Buffalo cops from arresting child-molesting priests
Controlling the Public Via The Order Out Of Chaos Agenda: I Pet Goat II, Super Bowl 53, False Flags and Illuminati Elite Rituals
The US Navy has officially confirmed UFOs are real just days before the Area 51 raid.
Why is NASA/GOOGLE censoring out a a dragon face in the sky?
Another false flag operation? The neocon cabal wants to make sure that Trump will stay on the track for war with Iran in his second term
Acceptance, new construct or MK Ultra?
A spacecraft has been orbiting Earth for over 700 days and only the U.S. military knows why
True or False: Qanon Was A Psyop by the Powerful for the Powerful
Quantum of Conscience - The Systems Divide and Conquer Camps
Any chances that these will happen under any circumistances?
Construction of the World Trade Center's North Tower began in August 1968 and In 1968 AT&amp;T announced that it would establish the digits 9-1-1 as the emergency code throughout the United States.
Symbols will Be their downfall
Area 51
How the FUCK did anyone think sending their dna to 23andme
Are they trying to hide the evidence of murdering?
Sacha Baron Cohen's 'Who Is America?' Deleted Scene May Have Exposed Elite Pedophile Sex Ring
The US authorities have created an artificial brain and named it ‘Sentient’
Voting doesn't work. Its all a sham. Dont do it. Show trump whos boss by not voting
Pennsylvania state Sen. Mike Folmer arrested on child porn charges
Ed Buck Survivor Took Photos And Gives Account
Are you livestock for aliens? Yummy Yumm Yum - Are we farm animals, we seem to literally be getting fatter and dumber with the Fluoride, MSG, Aspartame, and all the other Chemicals and Poisons going into the Food, Water &amp; Air... Why do you Dumb Down &amp; Fatten Up a Population? Because You Eat Them!
Missing 411- Free to watch on Youtube
Sacha Baron Cohen most likely uncovered a pedophile ring in Las Vegas, but the FBI declined to investigate
AMERICAN SATAN - Summer Trailer - OUT NOW (2017)
Colloidal silver was ‘erased from textbooks’ because cured diseases from tuberculosis to syphilis
FBI: Sex with Children(Pedophilia) is the Fastest Growing Illegal Business in America
Is mirror neurons a kind of cyborg-link that connects us to the BORG? Was the real Big Bang in fact the invention of strong AI? .. here a video collage that explores this
Suggestions on Non-fiction books on illegal human experimentation.
A brand new conspiracy or just another fetish?
Is George from Peppa Pig a pig?
BREAKING: Trump has ordered the DECLAS: FISA apps, Ohr docs, and unredacted text messages of Comey McCabe Strzok and Page.
Facebook face recognition
I wonder what came first, The popcorn flavour or the popcorn lung ? Seems a bit coincidental to me.
[Video] Beyond Meat Impossible Burger May Be Soylent Green - Advertised Only As "Not Beef"
[Video] Do chemtrails contain smart dust in addition to the chemicals.!?
MANIFESTATION Program that works IM FREAKING OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hmmm
This is a map of the former Soviet Union. For most of the 20th century Russia invaded, occupied, subjugated, looted and exploited most of its neighbors. Now Russia is telling you that any attempt at defensing yourself against Russia is AGRESSION.
Dark secret of all tortilla chips
UFO over Apple Valley, California – August 9, 2019
US Navy confirms multiple UFO videos are real This is it people "Too scary to know" - The reason UFOs and Aliens are being "hidden is because they are already here and they eat people! The truth is frightening and even Carlson says "maybe I don't want to know..."
List of GMOs in products that say non gmos?
The Falls - The Fitzhugh Files - Chapter Five (this is a web series about a guy who dabbles in conspiracy theories and now is losing his mind) I thought it might be a bit fascinating to some on here....
Welcome to The Elite Apocalypse!
Treasury Secretary Mnuchin linked to Epstein
This company was contracted (and ultimately not selected) to pursue the development of software that would provide the capability to create an army of fake social media accounts that could be used for astro turfing purposes.
George Clooney: Deep State Degenerate Predator!
What interesting “organized crime” facts or experiences have you come across?
The media has vaping all wrong.
Is global warming the biggest fraud in history? - Dan Pena
Shocking Report Shows Democrats In Congress Directing Tech Censorship Against Conservatives!
Buckle up for a staged alien invasion for one world government!
Loch Ness filmed in China? What do you think?
Global Network Pushing Vaccine Mandates For Everyone Everywhere!
This is happening. Don’t let the Chinese censorship campaign win.
PM Justin Trudeau Hates White People!
Democratic donor Ed Buck charged after 3rd man(@ least 2 of 3 victims are black) OD’d @ his West Hollywood home. White liberals are white supremacists &amp; this is a textbook example of white liberal privilege. White liberal owned media would have raged long ago if this was a Republican.
Why did BLDG 7 fall?
Has anyone seen the EBE (extraterrestrial biological entity) interviews on YouTube? Thoughts? Link provided
September 20th 2019, Apple releases iPhone 11, Area 51 raid and global climate strike... seems like alot going on in one day. Im starting to feel like they're trying to distract people from something else
Time to end the charade
Walden, or Life in the Woods, by Thoreau
Send me all memes u got
What media outlets did the best and worst job covering the Epstein case?
TIL Sasha Baron Cohen most likely uncovered a pedophile ring in Las Vegas, but the FBI declined to investigate
Does anyone really believe the John Lang conspiracy?
Cody Wilson Update
Federal Judge Protects Epsteins Conspirators then Mocks Victims
Canada's Five Eyes allies particularly Australia concerned extremely high value criminal targets escaped because of corruption in RCMP. RCMP Intel Director Cameron Ortis charged with espionage had access to all major investigations.
This is really how some of yall look
If simulation theory is real could astral projection just be our assets (consciousness/ideas) being shared between our multiverse?
Navt admits UFO, says "shouldn't have been released"
We all know why Apple's new iPhone has three different types of camera lenses mounted to the back of it right?
Breaking Spells | Walking in the Spirit
Ed Buck Finally Arrested After 3rd OD
What are the chances Uncle Ben actually picked rice?
Bullshit all around!
One of the worlds most powerful AI driven data analysis platforms was used to help orchestrate a PR campaign against Wikileaks and Assange in 2010. Right around the time all of the controversy suddenly erupted.
How do you research? A question for the community.
"Democratic donor Ed Buck arrested on drug charges after new overdose at his West Hollywood home"
Pennsylvania Republican senator arrested and charged with possession of child pornography
Israel Spies and Spies and Spies. Phil Giraldi, former CIA analyst. If Americans Knew. "Here we go again! Israel is caught red handed spying against the United States and everyone in Congress is silent, as are nearly all the mainstream media which failed to report the story. "
Isn’t this the beginning of the next big news event? TWO DRILLS IN PITTSBURGH THIS WEEK.
The war of the future will be between us common people against an energy weapon based system that will constantly monitor all your thoughts
Lindsey Graham egging the president on
PRINCESS DIANA CONSPIRACY
Bombshell: Original Kavanaugh Accuser’s Witness Was Threatened to Lie About Judicial Nominee!
Nxivm Recruiter Promoting New Book: Is she a victim or a criminal or both. If she is both, is she still accountable for her own actions?
StemExpress Whistleblower “Cut Open Baby’s Face To Harvest The Brain”!
Pennsylvania State Senator charged with possession of child pornography
If you google "Reborn Doll" this is one of your top results. Have we came so far to recreate an infant like this? Imagine it with an AI system.
😮
The privatization of Trump's impeachment by the House of Representatives.. To truly know how BS everything is you should watch this clip. (length 19:53)
Governments and UN using Contracts with Private security corps to establish a 1 world order.
Transgenderism: The Most Bizarre Conspiracy Video I've Ever Seen... Watch Until The End!
LAW OF ONE | RA | TIME OF THE DRAGON
Orange orbs
Finally...
Thought this might be appropriate here..
“Huge break in Las Vegas shooting case.” Very chilling.
If turned on frequent notifications for this sub, but I seldom get notifications for the sub and get more notifications from subs I’ve never followed or subs I’ve scrolled through.
The world's largest dam really does appear to be failing and the Chinese Communist Party is covering it all up.
Was Pearl Harbor an inside job?
Know it all Dr.Phil trying to disprove wealthy mans claim that rich people can get away with murder. While at the same time rich man murders wife, tells cops, cops don’t believe him because of his attorneys.
I Believe That there is really only One Party. Democrats and Republicans are one and the same.. Its to make the American people believe they have a choice.. What's your thoughts on this?
New iPhone starts glitching days after release of update.
Last month, 53 Americans died in mass shootings...while 40,000 died from obesity. Let those numbers sink in.
[HUMOR] Andrea Boceli isn't really blind
Do not forget about Epstein, but I found this video potentially catching multiple Bigfoots spying on an oblivious Bigfoot hunter.
BOOM
Climate scientists get in a little fight on twitter and accidentally expose how shitty the climate scare is. Narrated Video.
I'm not sure if this has been posted, but I am doing research for a paper on targeted individuals, and found this video extremely terrifying. Anyone else have good links that I should check out?
The ATT booty coverup conspiracy
Behind a made-for-TV Hong Kong protest narrative, Washington is backing nativism and mob violence
Some weird warning just flashed across my TV. No cable, through an antenna.
important backmasking video
A mysterious stone disk similar with UFO was discovered in China
Some information if you wish to start or continue meditating. Also merkaba meditation, unity breath meditation and information on the Lucifer experiment and how to transcend duality.
Please God
Interesting symbols on this baby hat
Don't you find it ironic that in order to win "hearts and minds" the US military ordered their troops to ignore children being raped by Afghan nationals on one of the US's bases, yet the US military wouldn't mind using tactical &amp; strategic nukes on Europe's soil if defeated in non-NBC warfare?
Audio recommendations
Rare video of the Dancing Israelis
The truth is out there and it’s getting closer!
Want some theories from you guys...
Not a conspiracy directly but, very excited my preorder came today ✊🏽
When someone says "Israel controls US media" or that they "run Hollywood" what are examples and sources of this?
cloud atlas
US Navy confirms leaked ‘UFO videos’ are real &amp; never should have been released to the public
Genetic link discovered between Iranians and ancient Canaanites
Facebook and CA manipulating you with targeted propaganda then reminding you to cast your vote, opinions?
'The FBI wants my money for PERMANENT RECORD, my tell-all book now in the Top 10. But I earned it.. So, in conclusion, this is good for Bitcoin. Sincerely, Citizen 4'
Another Bezos Relative workin for the CIA. Covering up for the Jonestown Massacre. Now we know how Amazon got its name.
Genetically Modified Mosquitoes Breeding in Brazil Despite Biotech Firm's Assurances to the Contrary
(NSFW Website) What documentary is this intriguing and super bizarre footage from? We have Neo from The Matrix explaining bizarre conspiracies... The video says "Vampires in the Temple" but Google turns up nothing.
What Do You Guys Think About Andrew Yang for The Dems?
(NSFW Website) What documentary is this intriguing footage from? The video says "Vampires in the Temple" but Google turns up nothing.
Could Multiple Personality Disorder Explain Life, the Universe and Everything?
Why did ilhan omar delete this tweet? Is she hiding something?
It’s probably just a coincidence though
School is the new Slavery #StayWoke #ClassroomPlantation
If Google manipulated at least 3 million votes over the midterms that means the Democrats didn't actually win the midterms. We should nullify the 2018 elections
Does anyone know if the website truth11 is a paroty page?
Putin's to do list is being checked off one by one guys.....
Could you imagine getting a pop up notification every time somebody died of classic cigarette related cancer?
"Microwaves That Turn Into Cameras" - Before you start to laugh, google "Electromagnetic Spectroscopy" Video link in comments about how the US Government AND their Private Contractors have capabilities to spy on virtually everyone on the Planet using Advanced Tech - The "All Seeing Eye" IS REAL!
I can’t look at comments on this sub anymore without wanting to rope myself
Obama’s history with Morphine
Mods shut down r/the_dimwit, and his cult streams over to r/conspiracy. Coincidence? No.
What if NXIVM was really a name of an entity that the cult worshipped?
Black death cover up
Who were the bad guys in World War 2?
Strange but frightening idea - Destroying people and the Living dead.
Benjamin Netanyahu Ordered to Hasten Jewish Messiah's Coming
Anonymous gray letter reupload
Breach Settlements
UM.... WHY IS THE CIA HOSTING BOMB MAKING TUTORIALS ON ITS WEBSITE IN ARABIC????
Russia wants war.
I think Red Bull paid for it's Wikipedia Page
Yes, there are actually people poisoning the food supply
Why isn’t Saudi Arabia a member of NATO?
This is the table for the Supreme Court in the UK, notice anything symbolical?
Breach Settlements
Is RT a reliable news source?
Massachusetts University Sci-Tech Symposium Bars Whites
r/worldnews on HK protest and live ammo, suspicious how much attention this gets when israel has been shooting protesters at the wall for decades.
Open Letter to Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel asking why she is actively shielding attorneys and judges allegedly abusing 1000s of Michigan's most vulnerable
How can I find a like minded partner?
this bear is in area 51
[Meta] The conspiracy community has to take action. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
"Drone Attack" on Saudi Oil - Who Benefits?
Jeff Bezos' Grandfather LP Gise was a director at the AEC (Atomic Energy Commission) and key person to approve and fund ARPA , from which ARPAnet evolved , and now Amazon is the largest cloud provider on Earth
The ATT booty coverup conspiracy
Pizza Party Ryan figure from YouTube’s “Ryan ToysReview”
Heading to Mothman Festival!
This sub is filling up with idiots. Anyone else noticing a difference?
Coordinating Creation
The Loudest Voice - Wikipedia (mini series about the founder of Fox News) I reckon everyone should see it, with a critical eye. It's made by Amazon, and is anti-Fix News
If you had a Yahoo account anytime in 2012 through 2016, a pending class action settlement may affect you
"Conspiracy" Theorists and God
Pedophile and Illuminati Symbols hidden in Children's game Wizard101
US Attorney General Barr invokes “state secrets” to cover up Saudi involvement in 9/11
After reading this article, I wonder if the government allows Alcohol usage as a way of controlling population from getting too large. Alcohol usage is now the number 1 cause of death. The stuff messes you up from the inside out.
Don't Let Jefferey Epstein and His Rich Associates Get Away with the Sex Trafficking of Minors
Lazarus Effect ..
Snuff Films: Hollywood &amp; DC
What is happening here? From r/politics
Trump Brushes Israeli Dragnet Surveillance of D.C. Under the Rug ⚊ “Donald Trump has had a closer relationship with Israeli leaders than any president in American history. I think he genuinely doesn’t care that the Israelis spy on the United States.” — CIA Whistleblower John Kiriakou
United States Files Civil Lawsuit Against Edward Snowden
Whoever won Iran was on the agenda
Montessori Conspiracy?
Is this sub dead?
Discussion on the Bohemian Grove + general Epstein mania. Would love to know your thoughts!
It would be interesting if you could comment the counter argument you would argue to your current beliefs
Las Vegas Massacre - More Video Evidence Shows Official Story is a Cover-up
1972 had over 1900 domestic bombings...what!?
International zionist conspiracy - explained
New files 'prove' that the FBI covered up the identity of DB Cooper
Eric cartman exposing the interdimensional spacejewshapeshifters with EVIDENCE
Study: only 3% of scientists agree that man made climate change is real
New study: only 35% of rape accusations are proven true
FED and inflation
Attorney Bradley Edwards Explains the Latest on Jeffrey Epstein's Prosecution (comments on Trump @ 5m mark)
Unacknowledged - thoughts and questions
The numbers they don't talk about
What was the point of the SAudi bombings?
You don’t have to obey the laws of karma or jinx
MSM all the sudden sows doubt about Iran attacks
Unacknlowledged - thoughts and questions
The Poisonous Way The Victorians Processed Food
Weirdest thing ever happened to me that you won't believe.
US Attorney General Barr invokes “state secrets” to cover up Saudi involvement in 9/11
re: recent "Iranian attack" on Saudi Arabia ... just thought to remind everyone about this dickhole, and the entire zionist agenda: "Israel Lobbyist - We Need a False Flag to Start War with Iran!"
Hong Kong isn’t about Hong Kong it’s about Taiwan and China splitting up the World Anglo Alliance.
Help me retweet my tweet
Replacement migration is just a conspiracy theory. Think of all the poor refugees
Jews are the health of the state
Treasury secretary Steve Mnuchin is the 3rd Trump administration member linked to Jeffrey Epstein or his circle
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin is the 3rd Trump Administration Member Linked to Jeffrey Epstein or his Circle
None of the comments on this post in r/rsa are appearing on the post itself, even though as the OP I'm receiving notification of the comments
Jussie Smollet 2.0 Ex-NFL Player Accused of Trashing His Own Businesses With Racist ‘MAGA’ Graffiti
Doctor, church youth director among suspects arrested in trafficking, online child sex sting
Can any 9/11 No Plane Theorists explain this one?Raw Video by Scott Myers
Nation's Murderous Psychopaths Undecided On Whether They’ll Follow New Gun Laws
DNA vaccination. It is only used in veterinary medicine and NOT on humans. It only modifies your DNA to protect from disease... Wink. wink.
There Was an FBI Spy Inside the Trump Organization
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin is the 3rd Trump administration member linked to Jeffrey Epstein or his circle
Thoughts on vaping
Friends, let me share with you a cool browser with built-in mining features, I've been using it few weeks now and results are great! You get paid in Bitcoins and payments come directly to your Bitcoin wallet. Download it here -
Federated Social Media Network for Conspiracy Theorists and Truthers.
Lily’s Big Ass
Tulsi Gabbard's comments on Trump being Saudi Arabia's bitch are a red herring and deflect criticism of Trump's much more obvious and significant subservience to Israel.
Project Time! Name a tragic incident like 9-11 and add the associated predictive programming, interesting insights, and relevant info. We're going to build a knowledge base here! Let's go!
Any updates on Epstein? MIT with Epstein ties... Reminds me of a particular MIT student/hacker, Aaron Swartz....
Reading recommendations
Navy Finally Confirms UFO Videos are Real
Meet the man exposing/exploring Jeffery Epstein’s cultish “pedophile island” via drone: Rusty Shackleford
Shake and steak Nazis?
Theory: Once Jeff Bezos found out he was tied with Elon Musk for the No. 1 spot on the 2019 Forbes ranking of Americas Most Innovative Leaders he had his media outlet release Elon's 2018 jet flight log.
Why Did The Secret Service Take Over Aaron Swartz's Case Two Days Before He Was Arrested (article from 2013)
Trump says the US military has super weapons that are even bigger and better than its nuclear arsenal: Relax, it's just Trump sounding off! Or is it...?
China Warns Trump Not to Believe Warhawk “Conspiracy Theories” That Iran Was Behind Attack on Saudi Arabia
US Attorney General Barr invokes “state secrets” to cover up Saudi involvement in 9/11
#50 - Melquiades Gagarin, Queens native, running for NY-6
Rol de lol ... time travel proven by 1820 poem ... lol proof! or are you poof?
Rejected asylum seeker kidnapped upon return to Mexico. Released.
If you go into the deep settings of a hauwei phone, you'll find hidden settings like constantly scanning for Bluetooth and wifi signals even when both are disabled.
A Handful of Super-Corporations Control The Fate of The World, Chilling Report Shows
Twitter blocks accounts from Working Families Party Tweet after they complain that they were "bombarded with comments" protesting their lack of transparency over endorsement vote.
Meet the man exposing/exploring Jeffery Epstein’s cultish “pedophile island” via drone: Rusty Shackleford
What is your position on vaccines?
LOL1820
Edward Snowden: The government can hack your iPhone like a criminal to track you
Brian Hook, Trump's special representative to Iran, told congressional staffers that Saudi Arabia views the attack as "their 9/11," ; Suspicious, considering the conspiracy surrounding 9/11
Why is Bernie Sanders such a magnet for antisemites? (Daled Amos)
Group Sensemaking: What Is Something You Know, or Believe You Know, About Organized Crime?
Area 51 raid
Have the tax loopholes that people like Jimmy Carr were using been closed now? What came of the Paradise Papers mentioned here?
Why is it that every time President Trump tries to push the U.S. and the world away from war within a few days there’s an incident which pushes us right back to the brink of it?
Could you imagine getting a pop up notification every time somebody died of classic cigarette related cancer?
Is Donald Trump a real person?
Iran and the Saudi Arabia oil refinery drone strikes
Cutting Health Benefits of 1,900 Whole Food Workers Saved World's Richest Man Jeff Bezos What He Makes in Less Than Six Hours ⚊ A new analysis finds that the billionaire could provide annual coverage slashed last week with just a fraction of what he makes personally each day.
Top tier provoking us to cause chaos
Another federal indictment unsealed: Three JPMorgan Traders Charged For “Massive” Gold Market Manipulation Fraud
A blast from the past (1997)
The Incredible Belief That Corporate Ownership Does Not Influence Media Content ⚊ Corporate ownership of media interferes with the core societal function of the press: reporting and investigating key issues at the intersection of public need and governance.
Video Replay: Trump's most brutal roast of Hillary Clinton at Al Smith charity dinner. But will he ever "lock her up"? Big questions still remain...
Time to wake up to who owns the media and controls public perceptions of reality - Who Owns The Media? Powerful 2019 Expose'
Whistle-blower claims Army base in Orlando involved in treasonous actions of human trafficking and weapon research on innocent citizens and their children
Tulsi Gabbard to Trump: "We Are Not Your Prostitutes. You Are Not Our Pimp"
Amid Epstein Controversy, Richard Stallman is Forced to Resign as FSF President
Is it possible that Hitler got away?
Part 2 of the big tobacco/juul nonsense. Juul further pushing it’s safe and tested methods, as per the FDA aka their new best friend :p
Advanced Ancient Civilizations once ruled Earth
[Meta] The conspiracy community needs to attack. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
Israel is paying internet workers to manipulate online content such as Wikipedia.
The CIA can remote-control cars and cause "accidents" suspiciously similar to dozens experienced by the establishment's political enemies.
There are no aliens in Area 51, only time travelers.
Soren Kierkegaard on the individual vs the crowd.
A Nixon official said that the real reason for the war on drugs was to undermine Nixon's opposition that is, black people and the critics of the Vietnam war.
The 5 Eyes Spy Program is spying on all of us! We need to stand firm and defend ourselves against the people that would slowly take our freedom away from us!
The 5 Eyes Spy Program is spying on all of us! We need to stand firm and defend ourselves against the people that would slowly take our freedom away from us!
IQ tests are made by whites to justify control and domination over POC
Arizona CPS Worker Exposes Child Sex Ring in Foster Care System
Active shooter drill near Water Tower in Chicago today
How come Nobody has mentioned the existence of crazy russian hacker?
Saudi Arabia oil refinery drone strikes
Understand your power. If nearly every war of the past 100 years was entered by the US on false pretense of attack (a false flag) or under an attack goaded out by our leaders and allowed to happen (like Pearl Harbor) it means that your opinion is so powerful that it needs to align with their agenda.
Giant movement on Twitter coverup #YangGang Censored on Facebook
Another FBI coverup: Bureau ignored Kavanaugh accusations
Sperm whales are just giant sperm. The Earth, a giant egg cell. No sperm whale so far has been strong enough to bore to the centre of the Earth and fertilise it.
Just when you thought you’ve heard them all.
Only [redacted] are so precise...
The roll out of 5G
Estonia Boat 28 sept 1994 "Bomb onboard conspiracy"
I came across this a few months ago. How is this even possible and did anyone else see it? I took a screen shop because I was so confused by it. Probably not a conspiracy as such but it's someone who's Catholic and How the hell did they get so many awards and upvotes with no comments?
FOIA Release of the 9/11 Dancing Israelis Via the FBI
7 Reasons Why the US is Behind Aramco Attack – NOT Iran
Russian suspect stays silent over Chechen's killing in Berlin
Vapers have begun dying of a 'mysterious' lung disease
News story about Jeffrey Epstein removed from #1 spot on reddit
Is the Area 51 a distraction from the climate strike?
She's Running for President. Tulsi Gabbard telling it like it is. (Saudi Arabia/Trump)
CIA's mission complete Deepfake voice cloning program
What is the single most irrefutable conspiracy out there that hasn’t yet been confirmed by the government?
How long has sex trafficking, by elites been going on?
Im still alive 7 year vaper. Give me a medal, and some air time CNN
Vaccines/nanotechnology questions and concerns.
Second page from my "hot" home screen, two Twitter posts with witty retorts from same guy... Is this weird to you??
Saudi Arabia has to explain how its oil assets in Abqaiq were attacked, says ex-US diplomat
The Economist quietly removes a statistic from one of their articles on Amazon deforestation in Brazil
Andrew Breitbart was Murdered
Are there any good books on conspiracies or books that could educate me on similar matters?
Am I shadow banned or something ?
How do you stay optimistic when you can see the world for how it is?
Can we take a moment and appreciate the messages B.O.B. tells us in this song and video - although the song is a little bit older
Amazing read. Antarctica.
Man is sad because chem trails
Cancer dog strikes again
OMG!!!! MAN CONFIRMED CHEM TRAILS
Canadians Say Justin Trudeau Is Creepy Pedophile After Bianca Andreescu's Rally!
[meta][CMV] Everything is Commerce!
My new paranormal/conspiracy/mystery/general spooky shit radio show/podcast titled "Xavier and Brendan Creep You Out" made it's debut tonight. Have a listen, if you can't sleep.
The Hegelian Dialectic
Dustin #TheDiamond Poirier challenges #MAGAFighter Colby Covington to fight at ATT gym in October (10-12).
Time Travel Conspiracy Series - John Titor
WOTR Presents: Mystery Babylon Hour 4: Osiris and Isis Part I 2/5
Kalgeri Prize, Congragulation Ms. Merkel
So, I've seen the FBI's database for pedophile symbols like little boy lover. Is this one of them or am I reaching? Because its the first thing I saw...
Stephen Colbert is just pretending to be a left wing shill
Full Interview with Beth Breen, The Arizona CPS Worker Defies Gag Order, Exposes Violent Child Sex Ring in State Foster Care System
Big tobacco's possible sabotage?
Thanking Reddit for their fine investment sense.
Help me make an alt
The Three Elementary Threats Used by the Ruling Class to Establish Compliance
Everybody says you have a past life and a life after your own. I find this mindblowing... Donald Trump was born on the same year Hitler died.
Epstein Saudi Connection?
Arizona CPS Worker Defies Gag Order, Exposes Violent Child Sex Ring in State Foster Care System
'Red Flag for Whole World': Undocumented Workers in India Fear They May Soon Be Prisoners in Detention Camps They Are Building Massive camps are being built in Assam, India to house 1.9 million people“ — Tulsi Gabbard is Modi’s bitch &amp; she remains silent.
'The suspicion is they are hiding something' - secret Kincora Boys' Home documents to stay locked up for another 66 years
I'm grateful of this community
Is Epstein still a topic of interest?
Being that Tulsi continues to avoid criticism &amp; her post saying Trump is KSA’s bitch. Tulsi is Modi from India’s bitch. India is in the process of building “detention centers” for millions of people &amp; Tulsi remains silent. These centers will rival China’s.
Write to Julian Assange or (scroll down for) Chelsea Manning. Addresses, instructions, postage requirements.
I found an awesome ongoing yt series about the finders cult
Air traffic on 9/11 2001.. Hmm.
Carbyne911: Israeli Tech Scheme to Weaponize 911 Emergency Call System
Saudi Arabia drone bombed themselves
You've never seen a photo of Area 51 like this 😮
Pedo's run the world, here is some evidence
McCarthy: We Came Close ‘To This Country Having A Coup,’ Vows Deep State Cabal Will See Justice
Why should you get into meditation? And why the Elite pray that you dont.
How deep does the use of LSD by our Govt go?
False Flag...Just another day in the office for Globalist World Bankers, Big Oil, and the Military Industrial Complex.
Human immortality is possible. Humans can live indefinitely and here is how.
what is this saying? I see flat and non rotating earth but I don’t really get what the rest is saying?
Trigger-happy Mods
Mandela Effect / Mind control?
Universal Basic Income (vs) Historical Tax Refund
What do you think?
There was a time when the most untrusted part of the news was weather
Are you prepared to finally and fully walk away from the false illusions of this fallen world?
Investigation and arrest of senior RCMP (Canada) Intel Director Cameron Ortis stemmed from disruption of encrypted phone service 'Phantom Secure' that supplied untraceable smartphones to top criminals.
It Is Now Obvious Iran Owned The Obama White House
Trump legalized the cure for cancer -- that makes me a voter for life
There was a time when the most untrusted part of the news was weather
Google unknowingly red-pilled me
PewDiePie and the ADL
Per u/bgny’s post, I googled. See my result below (other searches went through without issu):
so I discovered a large cache of Russian troll accounts on Twitter. And it's pretty disturbing as many of them seem to be sharing links to buy explosives
Agenda?
Why do “entertainers” and athletes make such a disgusting amount of money while doctors, scientists and technicians make above average pay.
Global Climate Strike &amp; Area 51 Raid...
Obama nevera real
They're currently spraying the air?!?
Assassins, Illuminati, the New World Order, and Iran
San Diego State University Normalizes Pedophilia As A "Sexual Orientation”
I don’t know if this has been shared here. Don’t let Epstein fade, there are more powerful individuals to hold accountable.
My first Reddit Poll.(Genuine Inquiry)
Scientist suggests eating human flesh to fight climate change
So NPR's new CEO is totally a Mockingbird intelligence plant.
Elons at it again!
Jewish family with big donations to Israel allowed to decimate the United States people with pharma grade opioids take their billions out of the country and no criminal prosecution. Thanks Israel dual nationals, UPS &amp; Fedex for the New Holocaust !!!!
Alternatives to facebook messenger?
Seeing posts from Disney world subreddit I'm not subscribed to?
Rashida Tlaib removes Israel from the map in her congressional office
Is the drone attack of oil in Saudi supposedly made by Iran a false flag for the USA to start a war with Iran?
The tragic story of the American inventor who was imprisoned for inventing a free energy device
Learn about "pets". Cabal members are allocated one at initiation for the recording of their own personal blackmail dossier.
What do you all think of organic food?
And there is people to this day, that believe EVERYTHING the government does, or tells them.
Seattle False Flag predicted for 3 November 2019 (parallels to 9-11)
"Beyond obscenity" | A snippet from George Galloway's interview with Julian Assange's father [02:03] | Link to full interview in comments
Hiding in plain sight
Court let Merck hide secrets about risks of anti-baldness drug Propecia
Never attempt to discuss "reality" in the news with others if there is no visual proof of the event. Respectfully explain that you cannot speak about events where you literally have no pictures, video or sworn witness testimony to back-up the report.
When the size of the moon is more important
Just more blatant proof that big tobaccy is pushing the vape reforms to kill all the underdogs, to leave them unscathed.
Mysterious Paper Found in House - anybody know what this is from?
Tulsi Gabbard calling it like it is! She went there! Say what you want about her, I think she’s been clearly proving she’s not a shill. She’s consistently attacking the MIC and deep state, big tech, and the corrupt DNC etc...this is why they don’t want her at debates
Government blocking renewable energy research
Who here remembers the false sell of the Iraq war? "Iraq has WMD's!" Bush said it countless times ahead of toppling Saddam. We're about to see it happen with Iran. "Iran has huge drone missile capacities, the biggest we've ever seen." It's all bullshit. Enjoy the show.
Instagram Listening all the time
I don’t believe that our phones are listening to us
The "UFO" (manmade) that Bill cooper saw? it fits the description he talks about in his CNN (never aired) interview
“Greater Israel”: The Zionist Plan for the Middle East
It's one of these options, though I'm unsure which - perhaps an unlisted one? I'm leaning towards three though.
Super Bowl 53 and I Pet Goat II ritually linked? You be the judge...
Nothing like a royal baby watch times 3 to distract from Prince Andrew and his underaged girls..... the royals really have this thing down don’t they? (No pregnancies are confirmed YET, but multiple outlets are reporting all 3 are expecting or just Kate)
well compiled list of sources detailing how libertarian anti-government and anti resolution movements were created and funded by corporate interests
Hey well compiled list of sources detailing Javi libertarian anti-government and anti resolution movements were created and funded by corporate interests
Reminder: Trump is Putin's bitch
There was S.L. Macgregor Mathers. The was his Protege Aleister Crowley. Their is this guy, Christian S.L. Crowley, with a weird picture of himself. The elites seemed to like their Crowley Sex Magik. Christian is from Gibson Island, Summer home of the Elite.
How are things in Hong Kong? Haven't heard anything for a while here in Europe.
Article on Brexit , Democracy and the EU
So for a long time I had the impression Trump was a deep state puppet, but the more digging I’ve done over time I’m now convinced he’s fighting DS. What’s everyone’s stance on trump? Is he good or bad?
Guess who has the most to gain from the Saudi attack? Answer: Not Iran
Conspiracy: corporate interests in billionaires by up propaganda to convince people to hate government and regulation
Trump awaits instructions from his Saudi masters. Having our country act as Saudi Arabia's bitch is not "America First." - Tulsi Gabbard
Tulsi Gabbard: Trump awaits instructions from his Saudi masters. Having our country act as Saudi Arabia's bitch is not "America First."
Tucker Carlson is right: the "rise in white supremacy" is a hoax.
Song sampling Carlin, "Illuminotme"By Brother Ali, &amp; Bambu
Flouride: Did you know it has negative effects on our bodies Thyroid functions?
Life Is But An Illusion
Ethics board levels $25K fine on political consultant recorded allegedly arranging Viagra, sexual services for ex-Chicago alderman
Puberty disrupters being given to 12 year olds. This is medical malpractice and child abuse.
Purdue Pharma makes painkillers and laxatives. One side effect of opioid use is constipation... How is it legal to sell products that our addictive and then sell products to help with the negative side effects.
GovernMent meaning from Etymology.
New reporting details how FBI limited investigation of Kavanaugh allegations
The biggest conspiracy murders millions of people every year. And we say nothing.
Goodbye, America
"Iran" bombs SA oil, expected $25 oil in 2020, US intelligence immediately knows, Reddit goes down, AWS goes down...
A Pic Has Been Leaked From Inside The HQ Vaccine Propaganda War Room
Iran shoots at a UFO on the border with Pakistan
Obama is from INDONESIA. Birth certificate found from there w his real name (Barry Soetero). His mom visited Indonesia several times visit his real father, as documented in her travel logs.
Verse 2: over to you....
Priestesses of Atlantis - The Mysterious Ladies of Elche and Guardamar
Thoughts?
Arizona CPS Worker Defies Gag Order, Exposes Violent Child Sex Ring in State Foster Care System
Anyone have any ideas about this "something"?
Go to burning man then
This will change your life
Ex-Nfl player charged with faking hate crime. (For some reason r/NFL and r/nottheonion wouldn't let me post this)
Edward Snowden interview on MSNBC tonight at 11pm EST 09-16-19
**ALARM** ex-MOSSAD warns Iran war coming and is planned to be USA downfall **ALARM**
Saudi oil production cut was to coincide with the GM Strike for a Reason in which I am not telling
Iran bullshitery is going on becouse USA started exporting oil and is raising the price.
An Old (West) Conspiracy?
Edward Snowden wants to come home: "I'm not asking for a pass. What I'm asking for is a fair trial" Give the man a fair trial
Philip Mudd, "Black Site: The CIA in a Post 9-11 World" BookTV, a full throated defense of the use of torture by a former CIA deputy director, crosspost from r/BookTVonReddit
I know there might not be a lot of weebs on this sub
I told everyone that there had to be more in there, but nobody believed me...
Amazon Changed Search Algorithm in Ways That Boost Its Own Products, Lied to Congress About It
First on CNN: Colorado becomes first state to ban barcodes for counting votes over security concerns
Bojack coverups
Can someone please explain some of the theories about the US government planning the 9/11 Attacks and why they did it?
Edward Snowden wants to come home: "I'm not asking for a pass. What I'm asking for is a fair trial"
1666 Revisited - ROBERT SEPEHR video about Sabbatai zevi, his cult, the rothschild-kabbalah connection, and the roots of the illuminati -
Conspiracy movie
273 Page Report On Nuclear Testing around Area 51 from the 1960s. Complete With Maps and Locations For Those Looking for Anything Cool This Weekend.
Federal judge rules effort to throw out non-prosecution agreement in Jeffrey Epstein's Florida case moot in wake of Epstein's death.
Elite-owned Facebook tells David Icke 'Your page is facing deletion' after publication of explosive 9/11 exposure - The Trigger
Virginia L. Giuffre PLAINTIFFS ’ RESPONSE TO Ghislaine Maxwell DEFENDANT’S MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT UNSEALED
Check out the damage done to the Saudi oil processing plant. Would a drone cause this?
Jesuitworldorder subreddit--community page--all posts welcome, learn who rules the world!
I found potential evidence that Marilyn Monroe had a child.
Wi-Fi 6 With Faster Data Rate, Lower Latency Officially Launched
Your Brain on Porn
This article was censored by Medium and is worth a read - WWG1WGA: The Greatest Communications Event in History
Another Interstellar Object Has Entered Our Solar System - C/2019 Q4 (Borisov)
Effects of porn on the brain
Remember when the UN that told you there would be 50 million climate refugees by 2010?
There has been a Mandela Effect study with analytics running online since Jan 2018
Did you know?
We're already slaves to robots
Vaccines with Aluminum hydroxide lead to motor deficits and motor neuron degeneration
The incoming vape flavor ban is an assault against every American's freedom. A life saving product will no longer be available to those who need it, so people will die. Our elected government has sold us out to tobacco lobbyists in exchange for their own monetary gain. We're now a shit hole country.
Edmond de Rotschild is the former name of the boat that took greta thunberg to NY
Trump's New Vape Policy is... Weird
There has been a Mandela Effect study with analytics running online since Jan 2018
Wi-Fi 6 With Faster Data Rate, Lower Latency Officially Launched
A thread written by @JosieFiorda
Where's all the german literary, academic, scientific and artistic work created between 1933 and 1945 ?
New Iran narrative regarding Abqaiq drone attacks easily disproven by google maps. This is what media gaslighting looks like. Resist the drums of war.
Who Am I?
If 5G becomes weaponized to microwave people, is there any shield or way to block the EMF's?
Did anyone else notice they are breathing a "dead" guy?
Conspiracy: corporate interests in billionaires by up propaganda to convince people to hate government and regulation
Interview with Edward Snowden: 'If I Happen to Fall out of a Window, You Can Be Sure I Was Pushed' - SPIEGEL ONLINE - International
Symbolism and hiding in plain sight or just a coincidence?
Privilege
A covert motivation for American (and Russian) interest in the Middle East is archeology...they are looking for *something*. The public narrative stated WMD's were the usual stuff: nuclear, chemical, and/or biological. Perhaps those weapons were of a wholly different sort: exotic and ancient.
NYT Forced to Issue Major Correction to Kavanaugh Hit-Piece: The reporters’ essay about a supposed second incident omitted evidence from their own book in which the victim denies any memory of it. This behavior is morally reprehensible, as gullible reporters continue to spread Fake News.
Did the CIA’s Experiments With Psychedelic Drugs Unwittingly Create the Grateful Dead?
John Bolton, a rabid advocate of declaring unprovoked war on Iran, is fired. A week later "Iran" is alleged to have attacked a Saudi refinery. How convenient.
[Urgent]: New Federal Firearms Registration Bill - Federal Firearm Licensing Act pending
THE Zl0NlST PEACE PROBLEM
Who were the men disguised as firefighters at the Pentagon after the attack there on 9/11 and what were they up to?
The oil industry vs. the electric car
Trump suggested the Saudis will dictate U.S. military actions. Many disapprove, including 2014 Trump.
Purdue Pharma files for bankruptcy days after it was discovered that the owning family transferred $1B to Swiss bank accounts
Madonna Eurovision 2019, "Not Everyone is Coming to the Future, Not Everyone That's Here is Gonna Last" - Satanic Ritual - America to Be Destroyed - Banned Worldwide (Video)
Israel claims Iran seizes another oil tanker in Strait of Hormuz
"Iranian" Attacks and the Israeli Election (Tuesday).
Files on Kincora Boys Home abuse in Northern Ireland in 1980 to stay locked for another 66 years. Allegations of abuse and pedophilia by high ranking military and British royalty [Lord Mountbatten, Queen Elisabeth's cousin]
The money behind the anti-gun lobby
We need a new federal agency that specifically investigates claims of libel in the media
The Hegelian Dialectic
This is a 100% real picture of Michelle Obama sipping wine while watching the Notre Dame burn
Pyramids
JFK Assassination
Part 2: Time for serial pedophile sex predator showing his true colours. Deceptions, Betrayal, Blackmails... Sextortions...
Trump &amp; Aramco Drone Strikes &amp; Iran- It's The Small Details
Purdue Pharma, Maker of OxyContin, Files for Bankruptcy. Of course, the Sacklers, the actual owners of Purdue, will be allowed to keep their billions and won't be criminally prosecuted.
Convenient, no?
In the past, comedians were anti-authority, willing to joke about subjects few would touch. Now, comedians are just mouthpieces for the establishment.
A Story This Big Can't Be Kept Secret
The People Vs OJ Simpson
They are claiming that Iran attacked a Saudi oil site. And now President Trump is saying he's locked and loaded ready to respond. But it's pretty easy to shut down this false flag inspired attack response. Take to social media and call bullshit
Three Huge Artificial Towers on Mars Were Discovered by UFO Enthusiasts
The people need to know.
I can't find a video with a news reporter stating that a second plane has hit the tower despite it not.
[META]Iran fired cruise missiles in attack on Saudi oil facility: Senior US official. Why is it that the only time the MSM refrains from its usual anti-Trump coverage is when Trump is discussing attacking one of Israel's enemies?
DONT LET JEFFREY EPSTEIN AND HIS RICH ASSOCIATES GET AWAY WITH THE SEX TRAFFICKING OF MINORS
9/11: Controlled Demolition
15 of Feburary 2003 anti-war protests
First Responders Urge 9/11 Investigation — Sept. 11, 2019 Press Conference
The Holohoax
The Goalkeeper saved penalty, but defender...
I made this post for my blog on facebook to help people see the truth. what should i add or change? what do u think?
Kavanaugh 'must be impeached,' top Dems say, as uncorroborated allegation resurfaces
270+ Page Report - From Operations Flinklock and Latchkey - Nuclear Testing at NTR. - If you like Area 51 Stuff.
We are waiting to hear from "The Kingdom" for further instruction.
Big Pharma, Agribusiness, Big Tech, Tobacco and other major industries are making us sick then "treating" us, but never curing us because that involves identifying the cause. Big Pharma is raking in over 1 TRILLION every year and its rising...gee I wonder why?
9/11: Controlled Demolition
Study blames Roundup herbicide for gluten intolerance and celiac disease epidemic
First Responders Urge 9/11 Investigation — Sept. 11, 2019 Press Conference
Possible shill or agent of some sort?
Numerous issues are reported with construction of the Boeing 787 "dream liner" air craft as early as 2013 reports suggest!
Majestic- Bill Cooper author of Behold a horse
HOTT - MAJESTYTWELVE
In respect of 9/11 being an inside job, who do we think actually flew the planes on a kamikaze mission? Were the terrorists who were said to fly the planes in on it? Do they even exist?
Why aren't any of the usual suspects giving us their hot take on the Saudi Arabia oil field attack by Yemen?
To real for Reddit?
The Drumbeats or War Have Begun
File on abuse in Kincora children's home sealed for decades.
Scientists have already solved the big bang and the origins of our universe. They have scientific proof that we live in a simulation. They have covered it up and buried that science because they're scared of how the world would react.
The Kincora children's home was said to have been used as a source of children for MI5 to supply to politicians and foreign dignitaries. Now the files have been sealed for decades to come which is something very unusual. Too many people still alive most be named in them.
Dark rumors persist of illegal drug use, a cavalier attitude concerning quality build &amp; quality control issues re: the 787 "dream liner" beginning in 2013!
Thoughts on how Rogan?
Drone Attack on Saudi Oil Field Seen as ‘Pearl Harbor’ Moment
DARK RUMORS PERSIST OF DRUG USE, SHODDY SAFETY &amp; INSPECTION STANDARDS AT BOEING 787 "DREAMLINE" FACTORY FACILITY IN NORTH CAROLINA AS EARLY AS 2013!
US Blames Iran for Attacks on Saudi Arabia Oil Facilities
Bernie Vs. Hillary, Video of Bernie Supporters not being seated in Debate
The Globalists claim that the Chinese control the media. But is there any proof in that?
Kevin Shipp - New Proof WTC Building 7 was Controlled Demolition (Pt #2)
Big businesses have never cared for our well being and never will
I hate to even open this can of worms, but am I really supposed to believe that to remain horizontal with where I am standing now, the surface below me drops away 8 inches at one mile away, 32 inches at 2 miles, 6 feet at three miles and 6,669 feet at 100 miles away, etc? Globelets are fooling thems
CIA director during 9/11 contradicting himself on his preparation against 9/11 and Al-Qaeda?
Watched Eyes Wide Shut for the first time
What did he done this time?
Dear Conspiracy Theorists
E T Lecture (best) - Japan
Anyone know the origin of this WTC7 video where you can clearly see controlled demolition explosions just prior to collapse?
The world's largest oil plant in Saudi Arabia was attacked ahead of Aramco's plans for the biggest IPO ever
Vape Ban
Richard Wolff on The Demise of America's Economy By Communist Countries Like China
US put a man on the moon in 1969?
Anybody notice how most of the #metoo accusations all funnel through the same source?
They wrapped this one up with a pretty little bow didn't they?
Incase Trump loses and Bernie wins, they will start this Iran war. It will help Trump in 2020. Netanyahu is also losing support fast. Add in the Palestine peace deal which gives Israel 40% of the west bank, an Iran war will be a key distraction.
Looking for a detailed (possibly)credible information on the whole “Qanon” conspiracy
hot dogs and buns.
They wrapped this one up with a pretty little bow didn't they?
Classic
Attack that wiped out half of Saudi Arabia's oil production came from Iran and not Yemen, US official says; Pompeo vows US will work to make sure "Iran is held accountable for its aggression."
RSBN: After 300 million + views of President @RealDonaldTrump rallies and 4 years following the rules on YouTube, our live streaming ability was taken away with no explanation. We have ZERO copyright or community violations on our account. We are shocked.
Biden during Houston Dem 'debate' talk about how minorities need social workers in homes to teach them parenting skills &amp; record player to teach them 'words'. ABC &amp; CNN praised him as the winner of the debate. Viewers criticized him as racist. Today gives a speech about 'White domestic terrorism'!
My college essay on why Drake is responsible for XXXTENTACION's death
SENOMYX: List of FOOD Companies Using FETAL CELLS From Aborted Babies!
My college essay on why Drake is responsible for XXXTENTACION's death
My friend recently got this tattoo. He reckons no one will be able to explain the details of it. So who knows their stuff?
Any credence in that celebrities die in threes is due to some sort of sacrifice by the power elite?
Meu canal no YouTube (my Channel YouTube)
Assange Loses 30 Pounds in British Prison, Gives Message: "Please Save My Life."
A side effect of phone manufacturers putting more and more cameras on their phones is that it makes it harder for users to cover them.
Top 10 Mega-Group Billionaires behind Jeff Epstein║♚IROM
So what does everyone think Bigfoot is?
Hmmm
The real reason phone manufacturers are putting more and more cameras on phones is so people can't easily cover them.
What does YouTube have against history?
Hippity hoppity all women are property
The money behind the anti-gun lobby
Just another reason why 9/11/01 is the death of responsibility. We who see the truth and do not act are conditioned to give up. How can we let this go in answered?
9/11 question
I have some questions about Jews and China
An "orwellian" song my parents told me about that was written in 1969 predicting the future...it applies to things happening now!! They couldn't remember who sang it, but a quick search of some of the lyrics and I found it right away. I thought you all would get a kick out of it. I certainly did!
The Meaning of Epstein's Temple
I really enjoy marfoogleTv and like how he covers news that you dont usually here on mainstream media. Is there anyone else on YouTube like that?
Jeff Bezos did not come from humble beginnings and build Amazon from his garage. LP Gise, his grandfather was instrumental in mass producing the US nuclear arsenal.
How NOAA/NASA Doctored Temperature Data To Get Record Warm Years
That one time Fox news reported on how dozens of Israeli spy rings were discovered before and after 9/11. Oh and never forget about the dancing isrealizz
Co Working Spaces Adelaide Serviced Office Adelaide Rent Virtual Office
Benevolent E T's will help us, to free Earth
We are supposed to believe one Saudi facility going offline makes the price immediately go up 10-15%. Iran has no history of attacking oil plants. Why are we not taking down the backwards Saudis not Iran.
Discussion: "surveillance is fine. If I'm not doing anything illegal, why should I be worried?"
Mike Pence's nephew marries Kellyanne Conway's cousin
I'm about to shill. Andrew Yang is the only politician I've ever heard who has a convincing solution to lobbying in Washington.
They claim 19 targets were hit in Saudi Arabia just days after 9/11, where 19 terrorists attacked the United States, 15 of the 19 were from Saudi Arabia, this time we blame it on Iran, instead of Iraq and Afghanistan.... interesting
Apparently Prince copied his hit Purple Rain from Black Sabbath.
Simulated reality
Figured out Will from stranger things father.
Dark Crystal Age of Resistance
Yup
WTC 7 Re Analyzed
I really think the push for 5g is real
What is /r/conspiracy’s take on Brexit?
I saw this on a 9/11 facts video. Idk if it means much but I find it pretty interesting. Maybe in case something didn’t go well in the air blame it on the new guy?
First Responders Urge 9/11 Investigation — Sept. 11, 2019 Press Conference (AE911truth.org)
It's not coming.
The Trump administration is intentionally trying to destabilize the middle east and cause global warming in order to help the US beat China and Russia in the race for who will be the enduring superpower.
Looking for a certain video on KGB remote viewing I remember watching
How NOAA/NASA Doctored Temperature Data To Get Record Warm Years
"The purpose of education is to change the thoughts, actions, and feelings of students." "Good teaching is challenging the students fixed beliefs." - Deliberate Dumbing Down of the World, Charlotte Iserbyt
"The purpose of education is to change the thoughts, actions, and feelings of students." "Good teaching is challenging the students fixed beliefs." - Deliberate Dumbing Down of the World, Charlotte Iserbyt
The National Security Agency (NSA) admits that the silver key in its logo represents the Pope's temporal power
Fascinating interview of Prof. Darrel Hamamotto and his insight on the University of California (Davis) structuring, history, and it’s dangerous links the US establishment &amp; more
What’s up with the aborted fetuses in food conspiracy?
Connecting the unconnected about 11th Sep.
Africa is apart of the Illuminati and the song Toto is a brainwashing song. (This is a joke, don’t take is seriously)
If you told me 20 years ago that the entire world will be addicted to an electronic device with a screen I’d call you crazy
Your Personality and How They Control You With It
How many of you believe Jesus will come back when the new world order is established?
What conspiracy theory do you hate the most?
You don’t have to obey the laws of karma or jinx
Check out /r/Sino, it is full of Chinese government propaganda against the HK protesters.
2017 Las Vegas Shooting Mystery - Automatic Gunfire Heard Long After Suspect Reported Dead
Who do you suspect is a spy?
There is almost no food in the U.S. 99.9999% of all food produced in the U.S. is not food at all.
My good friend just started a 3d printing company with focused on conspiracy theories. Lots of red pill items.
Best Conspiracy Podcast?
The name "Elite" should be change to the "Failures".
2017 Las Vegas Shooting Mystery - Automatic Gunfire heard long after suspect reported dead
It’s a big club...and you ain’t in it......Mike Pence's nephew marries Kellyanne Conway's cousin in New Jersey: report
Trump the Clueless: Israel’s Not Spying On Me
The modern Church has been suppressing true spirituality.
Pam Anderson believes everyone around the world should get to vote for US president
Details of at least 4 blackmail rings operating in the U.S. using underage sex trafficking like the Epstein case
Secret Space Monster?
Stan from American Dad and Quagmire from Family Guy are related.
Military bringing out high tech gear, camera drones and heavy duty equipment for "military exercises" in Australia.
First Responders Urge 9/11 Investigation — Sept. 11, 2019 Press Conference (AE911truth.org)
Trump Feels Like Tweeting Again - this guys entire channel is a gem. Watch all his vids
Simulation theory
9/11 Truth in 5 Minutes: Link to Sources in Comments
As I said last night, time does NOT exist.
The new film “Cuck,” in theaters Oct. 4, dramatizes an internet-radicalized, sexually frustrated white nationalist’s descent into violence.
If there's no God, then why is it wrong to hurt other people, since morality is just a figment of the imagination?
The Real Reason For Airplane Mode Explained. This FCC Prohibition was “Adopted in 1991 to guard against the interference from airborne use of cellular phones to terrestrial cellular networks.” It isnt an FAA, but an FCC regulation to prevent passengers from using their cell phones onboard since ‘91.
Davos Billionaire on 70% tax: "Name a country where that's worked -- ever." Co-panelist and MIT professor Erik Brynjolfsson responds: "The United States!"
Trump tells Saudi leader U.S. ready to help protect Saudi security - ‘Assaults on Saudi oil facilities had a negative impact on the U.S. and global economies’
Beto O’ Rourke’s insane gun rhetoric is an attempt to make him a target for right wing violence. If anything happens he’ll be a martyr for the cause.
Is Trump Part of the Swamp?
Are "gun grabbers" secretly paid shills?
Seeing everyone recommending fluoride as a must in toothpaste really shows how easily propaganda is spread
Tomorrows News Today! Live From FEMA Region VI Fighting Tyranny Worldwide This Is the INFOWAR Sunday Show @4 USC 9/15/2019
Health is very underrated, misunderstood and is #1 conspiracy.
Fema camps
The Five Dancing Israelis Arrested on 9-11
The reason President Trump's CDC is Banning Flavored Vapes is NOT Because the Government Cares About People Dying, but Because of the Hundreds of Millions of Federal, State, and Local Tax Revenues Lost.
#help #googlemaps #russianlanguage Map in my google maps. Language Russian anyone knows what this means ?!
Testing napalm bombs at Harvard
Anyone else suspicious of one youtubers death. . . . . Look at the statements made by the police “The authorities in Washington County responded to a call of an “overdue” pilot” . . . “The caller, who was not immediately identified, provided the last known GPS coordinates of Mr. Thompson”?
"Sex Positivity" and Enmity Between Men and Women
9/11 conspiracy getting some love on /r/documentaries
Health is very underrated, misunderstood and is #1 conspiracy.
Melania Trump: Fake Tits, Real Dick
The Global Warming Scam
Handles on shopping baskets are the wrong way for a reason
Penis was crafted to deceive you
There is an active conspiracy to suppress the potential benefits of Nicotine. Addictive? Yes, absolutely. Similar to caffeine? Extremely. Good for teens? Hell no, but it's known effects on the brain are quite astounding and have huge potential.
That @johnheretohelp guy who claimed he had 3000+ recordings of Comey, Clapper, Brennan just did a podcast
Asians are almost certainly descendants of Aliens and humans
The Secret History of Fort Detrick, the CIA’s Base for Mind Control Experiments
“I spent 18 years in the IC in various mission roles, left as a GS-14. I chose to leave after seeing something I'm convinced is illegal. I suspect it's still happening. I didn't feel it was safe to go to oversight though.”
I decided to compile a massive list of all of the media fake news
Guess what. Vaping is worse for nicotine addiction
(WTC7) Two angles corroborating the claim of flashes/window blowouts from bottom-up
How to distract from Epstein
mandela effects
Life Is But An Illusion
Global warming and other environmental issues are real, but way more overplayed as a part of a larger agenda
A question about Epstein's pedophile ring.
Something is baffling me about reddit. I got invited to 11 elite reddit clubs for a motivational post I made a while back. My brother tried looking me up and found this and still couldn’t add me bc I was ‘blocked’. What could have caused this? I have a theory...
FBI agents cooperating with exposing HC botched investigation
New Airbus planes have sensors that track most of what you do
Google joining with Ancestry and 32andMe
APOCALYPTIC DRONE ATTACK ON OIL PLANT
The biggest conspiracy in American history is that we had a president who was not a US citizen
😭😭
Some People Think Australia Doesn't Exist, Here's Why
I think It's up to us to become a reliable enough source for the people around us when it comes to dealing with the problems that have become part of society.
Catholics have supremacy over, and founded, the European Union. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
Try applying Aristotle’s golden mean to your life style, it will surely help you moderate the different aspects of your everyday life.
Time travel case? 1500 Year-Old Mummy Was Found Wearing Adidas Boots
CIA document says that Hitler may have fled to Venezuela and Colombia before going to Argentina.
Bayer/Monsanto's Glyphosate was found in 14 of the most popular beers in Germany by the Environmental Institute, Munich.
Youtube is blacklisting Federal Reserve information. We gotta do what we can to spread the word.
Catholic priests ran child porn ring out of Pittsburgh diocese.
Area 51 Raid Canceled
I want to find unbiased information about different theories. Where do I start?
DOJ has filed a 40-page brief arguing that the Judiciary Committee's "impeachment investigation" really isn't one.
Game-Changer!? Looks like Saudi Oil Field Attack was an "Inside Job"! Yup, another Saudi Arabia False Flag one day after Top Banksters announce IPO of AramCo (Saudi's National Oil Co.) #BUSTED
Vaping being widely accepted and regulated got millions of people who would have never picked up a cigarette addicted to nicotine. Now they have a chance to ban it, leaving millions to pick up cigarettes. This was planned.
Game-Changer!? Wow, CNN basically admits "Drone Attack" on Saudi Oil Field is an "Inside Job"! Read closely (See my SS). All this one day after Top Banksters announce IPO of AramCo (Saudi's National Oil Co.), Looks like more Saudi War Games! Yup, it's a game-changer alright! #BUSTED
Hong Kong: The predicted end
This song pretty much sums it all up....
The idiots have taking over....
Buddy of mine got BANNED just for downvoting and upvoting, the system is RIGGED
Brookhaven National Laboratory | The Real 9/11 Ground Zero
UFO awakens. 432hz song.
Awful Ex Stories | On The Rebound
Trump Administration Officially Revokes Obama-Era Clean Water Protections
Let’s take a tally on who believes this information to be true. https://youtu.be/v9U1PD-AwNs. I say yes it is, someone is going to have to deal with this mess before the cult leaders succeed. I’d imagine this subreddit is being monitored by one or two members of such a cult too.
Random thoughts
The democrat media has a new talking point given to them
Whh are lot these articals sound like just simple cover ups or just not mass new.
People eager to find alien artifacts on earth should also consider biological life in their search: If a lifeform that we think we know well, turns out to be radically different (i.e. Archeae) it may be a good candidate.
The Forbidden Secrets Of The Church
Well timed drama on r/freefolk was an inside job so that the sub doesn't lampoon GoT's nominations at Emmys on r/all. Prove me wrong.
We are dealing with dark forces that are not Human and here is the proof,
From a season 6 episode of South Park, long before any of this blew open.
So, a synagogue burns to the ground, city officials and investigators spend all week "working on the case", arrest and charge man DAYS ago, but the media/police are forced to hold-off announcement to the public because of a Jewish holiday?
What basically sealed the deal for me. There’s no way anyone can convince me that the plane crashed nose first into the ground and disintegrated everything. Questions everything folks.
I have a conspiracy about NordVPN
Mother killed by 2 year old daughter......?
I’ll leave this here
The Whistleblower-to-be of The World Biggest Conspiracy? Trilogy Part 1 : Clues Hidden in Aaron Swartz’s last blogpost Raw Thought Titled “What Happens in The Dark Knight”?
War Report with Ryan Dawson
Are we living in a simulation? In the key to exiting the "holographic Universe" ... do you C, do you care?
Nuf said
56 People savagely murdered in South Africa every day, how much murder constitutes war?
Are Dinosaurs Real?
56 People murdered in South Africa every day, No media coverage.
Mindblowing video connects some really strange dots - Order From Chaos : I Pet Goat II, Super Bowl 53, False Flags And Illuminati Elite Rituals
Hey look guys! Its an orgy of evidence large enough to increase online censorship, AND ban tor/vpns in the uk! Double trouble!
Aramco IPO
A Story This Big Can't Be Kept Secret
My theory about 9/11 is that when the plane hit the first tower the plan was for the building to go down immediately. But something didn't work
I wonder who has a lot to gain by infiltrating carcinogens into the US generic drugs supply?
I wonder who has a lot to gain by infiltrating carcinogens into the US generic drugs supply?
I'm a hs history teacher. I usually start "conspiracy Fridays" about half way through the year. My ? for you is, What are some I should do this year? Came here for opinions
KGB defector Yuri Bezmenov's warning to America - 30 years later its scary how accurately its played out
Apple releases new phone and suddenly there are memes about it every where
ToKoin Accelerating Growth of Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprises in Emerging Mar
Pedophilia is starting to be taught as a ‘sexual orientation’ at some colleges. Time to admit that the “slippery slope” looks pretty real right about now.
Trump is taking hits left and right for this country so that he can counter punch and take this country back from the global elite scum he will succeed and we will live once again in gods land. We are where americanah is at the front door and freedom is ringing. God bless the us. And it's zitize s.
Is this just a coincidence? Or is this as weird as it looks...
Pod people - Paul Joseph Watson
Greta Thunberg and her connections with swedish investors a pr company called "Wed don't have time" and former prime minister with connections to energy companies.
September 11, 2001 Revisited | The Center for an Informed America
Barry Jennings worked in WTC 7 on 9/11. He gave interviews saying he witnessed explosions, destruction and dead bodies in the building prior to collapse. He later died in hospital. A private investigator was hired to research his death, who then returned his fee and said to never contact him again
Interesting article on the latest spy scandal and the overlap of cia and media
Neo Nazi extremist group named after Al Qaeda begins openly recruiting in the United States and Canada.
Something really weird just happened on Netflix!
I wish (((they))) would let us have a white country
Russian spy story is another media deception
9/11 flight victim whispers at the end of phonecall "It's a frame!"
The Truth Behind The JFK Assassination Exposed – !!!FAKE NEWS WARNING!!! – What really didn't happen on November 22, 1963? Is the Zapruder film nothing but a photographic cartoon as some claim? (Link in comments.)
Queen Elizabeth and the missing kids. Crazy just heard about this.
The Epstein Associate Nobody's Talking About: The IDF-Linked Bond Girl Infiltrating the UK NHS
The most infamous internet Jew has returned: Barbara Spectre
Paul Krugman Whites are not the future in America
Lady Gaga: “My biggest regret is that I sold my soul to ILLUMINATI
Astronomer Records Bizarre UFOs Near The Moon – Alien Spaceship or Space Junk?
Wtf is this?
Salamander - Fire from within.
How many chakras are there ?
Global spare oil capacity in U.S. hands after Saudi outage
The new Spider-Man has a cryptic message for the masses.
The post pinned at the top "Evidence of Directed Energy Technology on 9/11"
What’s your fave vaccine conspiracy?
British judge jails Assange indefinitely, despite end of prison sentence. Assange also faces 175 years imprisonment once he's extradited to US next February.
Google Knows!
All sex predators sound alike... this sub is matching with
Ties between Epstein and Clinton right on foundation website
Kevin Shipp - New Proof WTC Building 7 was Controlled Demolition (Pt #2)
Grenulen velt?
How to destroy any minecraft server
How to destroy any minecraft server
Strange Happenings Live Now
I think NordVPNs sponsorship budget is so high they have to be NSA.
Was listening to Bill Cooper and found that the idea of reincarnation and karma was created to keep the poor in their classes.
Over 2,000 fetal remains found at ex-abortion doctor's home
Evidence of Exotic Electromagnetic and Holographic Tech used on 911
Old 9/11 conspiracy video?
Update on California’s Unlawful Schemes to Collect Extra Income Taxes From Taxpayers
A gang of Black Somalis patrolled Minneapolis looking to brutally assault and bludgeon exclusively White victims. Why is this not national news?
Amazon is Trying Out Hand-Scanning Payment System
Cosmic Thought Experiment
This YouTube channel called Foundation for Economic Education is a Trojan Horse funded by the Koch Brothers to indoctrinate kids to their late stage capitalism. Their videos range from Why Captain Marvel is Not a Hero to Why Abolishing Student Debt is Bad for Everyone.
Seriously, nothing yet posted on Iran/SA and the false flag that we've assumed was coming for the past two years?
Rosemary's Baby Analysis, MKULTRA and Scientology
Mysterious waves have been pulsing across Oklahoma
Diary Of A Wimpy Kid(movie) has a small segment where they discuss "Devil worshipers" and "children sacrifices".
Did Trump offer not to meddle with HK in exchange for a trade deal?
Conspiracy books
Pittsburgh Tribune Review - Military exercises to bring low-flying helicopters, explosions to Pittsburgh
What crazy shit has Oprah winfrey done?
Found this on the Moon, its just frolicking along. I cant "un-see" it now..
A dirty cop in Switzerland has been arrested &amp; now a dirty cop in Canada has been arrested — both arrests seem to be related to Bill Browder &amp; he seems to be upset about it. Looks like the walls are closing in on this intelligence agency asset adored by white liberals.
A dirty cop in Switzerland has been arrested &amp; now a dirty cop in Canada has been arrested — both arrests seem to be related to Bill Browder &amp; he seems to be upset about it. Looks like the walls are closing in on this intelligence agency assets adored by white liberals.
Time doesn't exist, I've tested it and found there are way too many "coincidences" for a supposed "random" set of events.
How will the world react?
France voted to remove terms "mother" and "father" from school documentation, and institute compulsory schooling for children ages 3+
Voters Are Stupid
Julian Assange to be kept in prison after serving sentence
Ramirez’s legal team gave the F.B.I. a list of at least 25 individuals who may have had corroborating evidence against Brett Kavanaugh. But the FBI interviewed none of them, though we learned many of these potential witnesses tried in vain to reach the F.B.I. on their own.
Look how the media panics and quickly tries to downplay a poll once it shows Bernie ahead.
Throw the book at the entire ruling class
Real UFO In The Woods or Not?
Amazon owned Ring doorbell working to develop facial recognition technology
Even if it's just a month
Since we are finding out MIT and Harvard (and presumably more) “experts” were accepting millions from Epstein can we question that maybe, some of their studies, were false?
Epstein's Case - The Bigger Picture | Deep Dive
Conspiracy theory, Easter never happened this year
The US Government is working with Reddit to silently sweep all Area 51 memes as a safety point for "National Security"
"America's" got talent- TV 'programing' the masses to love globalism
Epstein`s Case - The Bigger Picture | Deep Dive
Time to have some fun? Any suggestions?
There was just a mass shooting in Norristown, PA and its actively being covered up.
There was just a mass shooting in city, Norrsotown PA and atcvitley being covered up.
The Secrets Inherent to Parts of English and of English Grammar By YouTuber Anthony Wall
Tyson Fury vs Deontay Wilder Fight Highlights - Let's Go Again
9 Signs You’re Gluten Sensitive, and This Is Important to Know
Thousands of preserved fetal remains found in abortion doctors home
Conspiracy thought for the day. Mahatma Gandhi wrote his book, My Experiments With Truth, while serving time in Yerwada jail. Martin Luther King Jr. wrote an open letter that was widely published while in the Birmingham Jail. Hitler wrote Mein Kampf while he was in jail in Landsberg am Lech.
A redditor finds his own face in anti-vax deaths vigil. What could this mean?
IT Chapter 2 Movie : Something More? (Spoilers)
Heavyweight Triple Threat - Tyson Fury - 25-0-18 KO's - In The Mighty Name Of Jesus I Thank You - All knockouts.
Yall are nuts.
The proposed ban on e-cigs are to help boost the American tobacco industry
Order From Chaos: I Pet Goat II, Super Bowl 53, False Flags And Illuminati Elite Rituals
It's highly likely Apple deliberately slows down older iPhones just to get you to upgrade.
14 Body Signs That You Should Never Ignore
In the 3rd movie Morpheus says "there are no accidents"
Why were employees told to stay at their desk during the 9/11 attacks?
Um, why doesn’t Good Housekeeping talk about anatomical Mandela Effects, such as the nasal bone and the location of the heart?
Weird Outlines in the Pacific Ocean by Panama plus a crater or mound.
How Do You Guys Think Mossad Was Able to Pull Off These Strikes Against Saudi Arabia to Make it Look Like Iran Did it
Why was Lindsay Lohan trying to steal homeless people’s kids, as the mother fights her off?!!
My comment, "The answer to 1984 is 1776" was removed by mods as hate speech?
Fitting-in Vs Fitness
The church claims dominion over the peoples of the world. This is known as the temporal power of the Popes. The American military upholds this temporal power.
9/11 - Big questions for me that never get much attention
Houthi rebels in Yemen claim responsibility for drone strike on oil in Saudi Arabia, Mike Pompeo wants to pin responsibility on Iran.
Redditor find his own image in anti-vax death vigil.
Empaths vs. Psychopaths, Humans vs. Antihumans, Givers vs. Takers, Dark personalities vs. 'Normal', Good vs Evil. Are there any working theories on this topic?
the 'Medical Industrial Complex' + Transgenderism
TINFOILHAT EDIT
Anyone else noticed China launching a campaign on social media?
TruthDrop: Homeland's Sock Puppet Operation
Keynesian Economics.....
So..we get to subsidize the richest man in world once again? No wonder people want socialism.
Bob Probert - I Got 5 On It
Unified conspiracy theory of Nephelim/Synagogue of Satan's master-plan. Explains wars of the past century and the future?
Pt2. Starving the Elite, and tearing down their Altars.
Conclusion
Wanna go down an inter-dimensional rabbit hole? (Part II INTRO)
Wanna go down an inter-dimensional rabbit hole? (Part II)
My friend is missing
Trump-Al-Waleed bin Talal nexus exceeds Trump-Epstein and Trump-Putin
Are incels the result of CIA MK ULTRA mind control?
Are incels the result of CIA MK ULTRA mind control?
How Social Media and AI Hijack Your Brain
/r/conspiracy never shows up on my 'recently visited subs' bar. Anyone experience this?
Racism survey backfires
Pedophilia is so normalized within Christianity that they have an entire organization dedicated to connecting these perverts
RFK Jr. Says Security Guard Thane Cesar Killed His Father, CIA Led Cover-Up
Bill Gates says they are "producing childhood death".
Tin Foil Hat Podcast — DARPA &amp; Cultural Engineering With Whitney Webb
Bob Probert - Bang Your Head
PewDiePie Meets The Mafia - Analysis by E. Michael Jones
The U.S. Health-Care System Found a Way to Make Peanuts Cost $4,200
Project Iceworm: The Plan to Put Nukes Under The Greenland Ice Sheet
Schiff accuses top intel official of illegally withholding 'urgent' whistleblower complaint
War Kills and Connor McDavid - War Version - First Fifteen Goals
RFK Jr. Says Security Guard Thane Cesar Killed His Father, CIA Led Cover-Up
Conspiracy theory regarding ridiculous conspiracy theories?
Greenlane hospital in Devizes secretly kill people
Coincidence? I think not!
Disney Bad For Cinema?
What do you know about "The Elite" ? Educate me.
Similar
Missing WikiLeaks associate Arjen Kamphuis likely died in kayaking accident, police say; after 1 year police wrap the case up without finding a body or any witnesses to what they "assume was an accident,"
Why do universities push the myth that Black people can't be racist?
An example of modern day propaganda
Only two WEEKS for the college admissions scandal? Bullshit.
Nk ultra survivers survivers of brain wash expiriments (very disturbing)
The Authentic and Complete History of the A.M.O.R.C. (Illuminati and Freemasonry) 1/5
The ending of this video reads like a North Korean propoganda campaign - President Bush at Offutt on 9/11
Mass Immigration for thee, but not for me!
Two Sisters Achieve Rank of General for the First Time in the U.S. Army’s 244-Year History..
Sniper - One Shot, One Kill - Combat Footage
Something that I have seen on the discovery channel and history channel something I also read about while in high school but can’t believe it is still going on modern day. Skinwalkers?
Welp, wildlands looks like its in beta.
Why should you get into meditation? And why the Elite pray that you dont...
They live, we sleep.
Hamburger Hill - Paint It Black - Vietnam Combat Footage
False flag, U.S. and Saudi finally came up with the final solution to the Yemen problem. Somehow, a group of starving Yemenis were able to pilot drones and knockout half of Saudi oil. Yeah, um, no.
What if I told you that every post on this sub has a single commonality? One denominator that tied them together?
False flag, U.S. and Saudi finally came up with the final solution to the Yemen problem. Somehow, a group of starving Yemenis were able to pilot drones and knockout half of Saudi oil. Yeah, um, no.
Julian Assange Full Data Dump When Arrested Found Here - #WikiLeaks #FreeAssange #JulianAssange
Renowned MIT Scientist Defends Epstein: Victims Were "Entirely Willing"
(You Tube Censored) Tapestry of Terror - White Helmets Exposed As FSA Terrorists Linked With ISIS
Hello everyone!!
Willful ignorance + Lack of self defense + Soulless Politicians + Coporate Controlled Discourse = More of this. 100x Fold.
How is it that reddit user Gallowboob consistantly reaping in karma?
“This is not what we want," the centrist candidate told a conference in Jerusalem. "We have never asked anyone to get killed for us. We have never asked anyone to fight for us. And we have never asked anyone anyone's permission to defend the State of Israel.” 🤣😭😅😂🤣😗😎
Thoughts on Saturn...
Our 'leaders' have been enabling this behavior for years. Keep digging and put them underground.
Why Americans must be disarmed.
Aaron Swartz, The Whistleblower-to-be of The World Biggest Conspiracy? Unusualities Mystery(Riddles Part)
US military is literally a cancer on this earth only good they’ve ever done is fight Nazis and Axis powers in WW2.
Area 51 ufo landing video! get this out to the public asap mufon may del...
Good Holocaust documentaries?
Moloch.
A Message For Humanity | Charlie Chaplin
Abortion doctor's family finds remains of more than 2,200 fetuses at his home after his death: reports
Presented without comment
What really happened to the Aral Sea
Highway detectors intercepting Bluetooth signals
rasputin lived
RCMP (Canada) intel director Cameron Ortis arrested and charged with espionage after lead from ongoing espionage investigation by US intelligence. American investigators flipped source who gave up Ortis' name. Compromised national secrets to impact Five Eyes and NATO members.
"Pedophilia as a Sexual Orientation" Being Taught in a Classroom
Trump administration could monitor smartphones of people with mental health problems
You Can't Win (YCW) Episode 029
Possibly the best quality 911 video I have seen
Do you know what this means?
Holy fuck this is worse than Huxley ever could’ve imagined.
Everybody’s neighbor 🛸
What aren't they teaching us? Take the red pill..
You can find the answers to all of our secrets through the fiction that’s presented to the masses.
Jeffrey Epstein seen with young girls getting off his plane in 2018. 11ish year old girls. CNBC.
Hi can u guys help me making a list of all most viewed video about 9/11 conspiracy pls
The sundial on Epstein’s island comes up as the “Zhihu cafe” on Google maps. Is “good for kids”. The translation for “Zhihu” is “Direct Call” in Chinese. Does anyone know anything about this?
9/11 Commission Official Explanation
Youtube (and other site's) conspiracy channels?
The US Has “Disappeared” More Than 42,000 Migrants. Where’s the Outrage?
Cattle are being mysteriously mutilated and killed in eastern Oregon
Cattle Mutilations Are Happening Again In Oregon - Aliens Or Secret Government Project?
Were 'souvenir hunters' who took debris from the Flight 93 crash site on 9/11 actually operatives removing crime scene evidence?
We're now only a few days away from most epic event of the year. September 20th, 2019 at Area 51 where the Kyles, Karens, Naruto runners, and maybe even a special appearance by the Darens? will take place! What do you think of all this besides the obvious psyop?
Never-Ending War in Afghanistan…And For WHAT?
Truthstream Media: What Happens When You Don't Stay in the Prescribed Swim Lane
When they mix conspiracies with facts and create perversions/distractions so u don't know which is true and which is not
Here's a quick how-to guide on the raid for area 51
Israel Accused of Spying on the US, Trump says it's “hard to believe that the Israelis had placed the devices.” Hey Trump, you're an idiot.
Appeals court rules parents of slain DNC staffer can sue Fox News
Richard Stallman, famed MIT computer scientist defends Epstien and child pornography in general.
Julian Assange to Remain Jailed After Serving Sentence: Magistrate says Assange to remain in prison indefinitely. He has been in increasing forms of deprivation of liberty since his arrest 9 years ago, one week after he started publishing Cablegate.
Harvard Admits to $9 Million Donation from Jeffrey Epstein: Epstein's Harvard and MIT donations may be linked
Inventing enemies or dehumanizing people is a requisite for war or mass murder. From "Humanizing our Neighbours", a pacifist group.
September 15 Hong Kong: It can be wierder than you can think
This book is not a manifesto. There is not time for that. This book is a warning.
Skip to 8:30 "A mother with her baby was shot in the head in Malmö yesterday" Swedish Malmö resident speaks out on the nightmare hell the city has devolved into since mass immigration hit it (English subs)
Ex-cop talks about Pedo-rings protected by the police in London
New York uncovers $1 billion in transfers from offshore accounts to Purdue Pharma's Sackler family.
In 2017, 1.7 people died every minute of aids. In 2019, 5 peaple got killed by doctors "wrong treatment" each minute. LOL
Why does this article from three days ago say that Hamza Bin Laden was killed earlier in the year when it only happened in the past day?
Improving credibility.
Im compiling a full list of every fake news story from ms media
"Slavery in America lasted for 84 years. Islamic slavery has lasted for 1,400 years - almost 17 TIMES longer. Islamic slavery was almost 20 TIMES larger than the US slave trade, and continues to this day. If you're not focused on that, I don't care what you say about slavery."
How you know Snowden is a disinformation agent
I'm done with satanists
The Destruction of the Amazon Rainforest
Join us in full moon peace mass meditation to manifest highest ascension timeline for humanity. Also some information on the true nature of the moon, and merkaba meditation info
[META]A Third Of Democrats Favor Declaring NRA 'Terrorist Orgnization'; 28% Say It Should Be Illegal To Join. Welcome to Clown World where opposing the erosion of our Constitutional rights is now terrorism.
YouTube playlist with videos of over 62 witnesses ranging from UFO to Free Energy
The masons burned down my uncles apartment
Every now and then when all the conspiracies get a bit too depressing, I like like to go on twitter and watch people shitting on Hillary Clinton.
A "pizza lover" openly promoting pornography to kids
Greece is about to become the blueprint for modern feudalism
Beware of your phones listening.
From Monday on, the oil price is going to rocket because of the attack on major Saudi oil extracting and processing facilities
OLPC, MIT Media Lab, Swartz and Epstein- is there any real evidence of sinister connection(s)?
How The BBC's Quentin Sommerville Created Fairytales Of Underground Hospitals In Syria
Andrew Yang VS The Establishment
Beware of your phones listening - story
Overstock CEO and his reveal of deep state (said something cryptic ab El Paso)
Prozac Maker's Secret Payment in Mass Shooting Lawsuit Revealed
Do You Know Any Japanese Truthers Or Are One Yourself?
Can you handle the JFK Assassination Truth? WARNING! You might not want to believe it. (Link in comments.)
Brexit isn't above immigrants or anything like that. This is why so many of the richest want the UK to leave the EU.
newly released wtc 7 colllapse video
If morality is just a concept, then how can something be proven to be truly right or wrong?
Film expert explains why Moon landings would have been impossible to fake.
Mini theory: every time I’m active on my phone when using YouTube I get the 5 second unskippable ads. When I’m driving listening to podcasts ect I get long skippable ads and more often 2 at a time.
Aren't I the best rapper in Africa?? Please helpe blow up
PewDiePie Meets The Mafia - Analysis by E. Michael Jones
I know for a fact its possible to read/intercept, and even influence peoples thoughts. I am living proof.
Andrew Yang VS The Establishment
RFK Jr. Says Security Guard Thane Cesar Killed His Father, CIA Led Cover-Up
What Business Do We Think Steve Bannon Had With Epstein?
PewDiePie Meets The [ADL] Mafia - Analysis by E. Michael Jones
Skull and bones, Bush vs. Kerry?
Where's Amazon Lincoln?
Great example of how militarized the police are, truly dystopian
HBO’s: What Happened on September 11
CUCK Official Trailer (2019) Crime, Drama Movie
Tell me where in this interview you recognize the compromat happening and where the russian Jewish mafia collusion happens and by whom...
Disney intentionally screwed up the Sony/Spiderman deal to slow down the MCU and turn the attention to star wars
How Others Who Actively Practice The Law Of Attraction Can || HOTMOTU
So... pretty much everyone knows Epstein was murdered, right?
The US government approved $1bn in arms sales to Saudi Arabia, including over 6500 anti-tank missiles.
Psych meds linked to 90% of school shootings. MSM never covers this because it messes with Big Pharma's cash cow.
"A man who has never passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them". -Carl Jung.
The US government uses 55$ billion on prisons every year and incarcerates more people than any other nation in history.
There are two tiers in the Justice System
Dollar store theory.
Culture religion only exists because of indoctrination the wiki of indoctrination is mind opening to the mass manipulations and its scares me how like 96% of the world doesn't see it the mom dad thing scares me to no end everyone's batshit brainwashed
What is it all heading toward?
Everyone who has culture religion is indoctrinated and is apart of society is
#47 - Galen Zink: Corporations have turned industrial food consumption i...
Can anybody ELI5 the rich and powerful having rituals with children?
There needs to be a global movement to outlaw spies, spying and spycraft. Urgently. These parasites - in this thread I'll explain why this is precisely what they are - are behind literally every single ill in our society and our politics and are what prevents us making progress
I think India's moon mission was jeopardized by other space faring nations, do you think so?
Trump administration planning to put homeless people in concentration camps
OMG, this is #4 on /videos right now.
Just because they “shut someone out of the debate” or speak badly about them does not mean they are anti-establishment. By now they know about the public’s distrust and use that to fool you
Biden Takes Iraq Lies to the Max at Democratic Debate. Sold Bush/Blair's war in 2002, now claims he opposed it.
The 9/11 Commission Report was based on the torture testimony of Abu Zubaydah and the people he identified under torture. Now the government admits Zubaydah was not connected to al Qaeda in any way and could not have known any of it.
Jeffrey Epstein’s 1992-1993 arrest with Patricia Epstein and Linda Scolaro
"But anti-va xxers only started because of that doctor whose name I can't remember"
Joke topic: the " malfunctioning" camera footage in Jeffery Epstiens cell.
Bin Laden’s burial at sea: evidence that he’s been returned to his family?
Guys, keep an eye on this, just in case...
Why did everyone forget about the Las Vegas shooting?
When will the sink holes happen ?
Moloch is just a methhead dipshit
FEers please provide answers...
Enough of the "Never Forget" posts.
Media Makes Trump Worst President Ever...?
The revenge of Moloch (Baal)
Move along nothing to see here.
Israel Spies on US
Occult Zionism VI: MOLOCH and BAAL
If there's no God, then where does morality originate from and where's the proof that morality exist?
Considering that we’ve seen all types of symbolism connecting the illuminati &amp; nearly every high-profile actor and or musician, why is it that we haven’t seen one single connection between the illuminati and Jeffrey Epstein considering the level of compromising information he was said to possess?
"They don't want you to Hear This" - The Video That Will Awaken The World | Ralph Smart
For those of you interested in Bob Laraz read this.
Read this thread: "There needs to be a global movement to outlaw spies, spying and spycraft. Urgently. These parasites - in this thread I'll explain why this is precisely what they are - are behind literally every single ill in our society and our politics and are what prevents us making progress
Ask yourself this. Would Pepsi put an add on the front page of /r/pics if the front page of pics had anything posted that pepsi didnt agree with?
NY finds $1B in hidden transfers by family behind OxyContin
Parents of murdered Democratic staffer Seth Rich can sue Fox News according to U.S. court
If there's no God, then where does morality originate from and where's the proof that morality exist?
Tulsi Shut Out From Debate Despite Polling 4th Place In N.H.; Still Googled More Than Booker, Beto, Klobuchar
Parents of murdered Democratic staffer Seth Rich can sue Fox News-U.S. court
Look: WTC7 Floor #25. Wonder what they destroyed?
What’s with racism against whites by the Jewish wealthy middle class?
Paused a video, took a screenshot.... who do the queen look like
Browsing most of reddit post Aaron Schwartz
NY finds $1B in hidden transfers by family behind OxyContin
Does New Drone Footage Reveal Underground Lair in utility buildings On Jeffrey Epstein's 'Pedo Island'?
ELI5: Pixar Disney Showing Kids Dick Homes
Trying to find thread started by professional speech writer discussing college admission scandal
Original network nightly news report on 9/11 said that the Flight 93 debris field contained "nothing larger then a phonebook" was recovered, but yet they magically found 2 intact passports on the scene, lol.
Friday the 13th Harvest Moon tonight. Watch out.
Do you believe in Angels?
Epstein's island is worth 66million, this subreddit has 973K members, if each member gave $66 we could buy the island, explore for ourselves to our hearts content using ground radar and spades or whatever, then use the underground bunkers as a secret lair for future endeavours. Who's in?
Visit r/suicideconspiracy
Famed Computer Scientist Richard Stallman Described Epstein Victims As 'Entirely Willing'
APPLE creates next generation SURVEILLANCE STATE
There are two tiers in the Justice System
So what does the sub think about the Democratic presidential candidates?
Ask conspiracy: “where is snowden? What is he doing? His leak is the most important in the last 20 years - so, where/what is he doing now?”
Instagram post from Robert F. Kennedy Jr. about his father’s death — this dude clearly doesn’t believe the man in prison for his father’s murder committed the crime. This post is about a man who just died that he suspects killed his dad. Someone just tried to kill Sirhan recently.
Big Tobacco created the lie that if you quit smoking cigarettes you gain weight ,to keep people from quit smoking cigarettes.
area 51 and 11 iphone
bUt AnTiVaxXeRs WeRe StArTeD bY "tHaT dOcToR" aNd PoRn StAr
Does anyone know about the conspiracy about the death of rapper capital Steez?
[comedy short inspired by Epstein/pedogate, 9m34s]
Is there a way to demand a voice in settling the sackler family lawsuits?
Strange Amino Chat
Mystical numbers and quotes to include in data analysis?
Jeffrey Epstein’s 1992-1993 arrest with Patricia Epstein and Linda Scolaro
US woman, 44, who 'bought 6-day-old Filipino baby boy online from his 18-year-old mother - then tried to smuggle him out of Manila in her carry on bag'
King Pewds vs ADL forces
Is it just me or we have no coverage from hong kong anymore?
rocks in school food
A man hacked 16 NASA computers, what he found is beyond chilling
The extreme nature of the democratic left and media coverage would leave me to believe that this is actually a government agenda to promote nationalism and persuade your indifference.
Is light pollution on purpose?
World of Warcraft classic is back!
CRISPR as a skin-whitener?
Post Malone's album and music videos are clear symbolism of selling his soul. /r/postmalone didn't think so, thought this community would be interested
Facebook knows everything
Hollywood Clone Stars?
As The NSA Declares Phone Record Program Dead, Trump Administration Asks For A Permanent Reauthorization, Undoing Work Snowden Has Done
This is weird...
Overstock ceo talks about deep state and everything that happened in TX
[meta] 'Sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me' doesn't apply to the thin skinned
Joe Rogan's ego is having a hard time fitting inside the simulation
Conspiracy farm, Ryan Dawson on 911, Epstein and Unibomber
Baal, vintage engraving Old engraved illustration of Baal, the Phoenician god, carrying a child
Look at this Photograph - Brad Marchand
Manchester arena terrorist attack evidence to be kept secret
The whole universe is a lie
We are not all Satanists. Come into the LYT
NYPD Suicide Squad: 10 (or 11?) NYPD officers have "committed suicide" since June 2019. Did they see the "Insurance Files" on Weiner's LapTop? I've compiled a list, need your help... This info is HARD to find!!!!
Video of former L.A. Narcotics detective Mike Ruppert (now dead, suicided) humiliating former director of the C.I.A. during town hall meeting on the agency trafficking drugs.
Government camp video
GallowBoob forced his way in to become a mod of r/watchredditdie to delete all posts critical of his mod abuses. Now when you search "GallowBoob' in r/watchredditdie, nothing older than 5 days pops up, but I have the receipts for all the posts he deleted.
r/politics isnt even news at this point. Its just democrat propoganda
r/politics isnt even news at this point. Its just democrat propoganda
J.B. Mauney Special - All 2019 Broken Leg Rides, Past Wrecks and Best Rides
America's not primarily leftist libtards, the internet is
A debunking of the latest 911 lies and bullshit
Truth about the legal system
How high is your tolerance to degeneracy? I was downvoted for disagreeing with Dave Chappelle's view of pedos when Hollywood is literally trying to condition you people to accept pedophilia
There are no David Irving videos on Youtube
CBC Drag kids. Young boys dressing up in drag. This is wrong on so many levels.
Rigged Justice System
Area 51 doesn't have aliens but it does have something better- Nikola Tesla's secret inventions
Iraq Combat - War Love - Cobra Gunship Gun Cam Footage Part 2 - Judas Priest
Doomsday preppers: What areas of the United States / the world would be the safest places to invest in real estate?
Iraq Combat - Cobra Gunship Gun Cam Footage Part 1 - The Cult
Good Morning, Vietnam - Adrian Cronauer, CCR and Martha and the Vandellas - Vietnam Combat Footage
Modern Day Baal Worship pt.2 (Sukkot 2017)
Modern Day Baal Worship pt 1
Baal is Back! Demons in the Deep State
Mexico was sabotaged in the 90's to create the immigration crisis
Canaanite Baal Worship
Conspiracy
Is QAnon is a psyop?
This is the face of terrorism in America. Take a good hard look. Filmed themselves running over school children and nuns. Can't even make this stuff up. Killer was infatuated with Adam Lanza and David Hogg. Just look at those evil eyes.
Can anyone explain these waves in Oklahoma?
Was Israel Involved With 9/11 Attacks? - Ryan Dawson Reports
How the CIA, Mossad and “the Epstein Network” are Exploiting Mass Shootings to Create an Orwellian Nightmare, by Whitney Webb
Eye of horus in horizon zero dawn?
What 3 things convinced you that 9/11 was an inside job?
People Have Already Been Arrested For Attempting To “Storm Area 51”
I just watched "get me Roger Stone" and a german docu about Cambridge Analytica...
Israeli ties to 9/11
Media priming the public to associate Trump with inappropriate actions/photos through missleading titles.
Joe bieden referring to Bernie as president? Is this foreshadowing like he fucked I personally believe our presidents are already set in stone.
TIL of the “Illusionary Truth Effect”
Hmmmmm
One Times One Equals Two
Sniper - One Shot, One Kill - Combat Footage
MSNBC Anchor, Lawrence O'Donnell Freaks Out on Camera in Leaked Off-Air Footage, yells at staff for 8 minutes
In the early 1950s, the CIA put forward a plan to spread propaganda to American audiences. By partnering with mass media, psychologists, and advertising specialists, they would reduce public interest in UFOs, first by showing mysterious cases, then debunking them, focusing only on the solved cases.
The vape deaths are being (mostly) reported as having TCH involved
Remember when Lawrence O'Donnell freaked tf out Bill O'Reilly style?
Race and Crime
AI and its impact on us - Elon Musk, Joe Rogan, David Icke
Did President Obama have people with information on 9/11 killed?
Mass Graves of Canadian Indigenous uncovered in BC, followed by Public Indictment of PM Trudeau alongside the GG and high ranking Chruch and RCMP officials.
Black Rapper In Sweden Calls for Enslaving and Shooting White People. “If any white guy or white girl is trying to talk shit about you, shoot them! If they talk shit about your family, shoot them!”
Some of the clearest U.F.O footage of a mass sighting over a Chinese airport in 2010
Anyone have any links or info to back this up???
Ship Carrying ‘Climate Change Warriors’ Concerned About Melting Arctic Ice Gets Stuck in Ice
That Feel When The Feds Notice You: Big Tech Facing Several Anti-Trust Probes
The Conspiracy of Timing, Rhythm, Music and Mutual Agreement
With the potential of the Israeli spying on us, who remembers this (now banned) news story on their connections to 9/11
NHLFOTN - Byfuglien-Caggiula Andersson-Coleman Lemieux-Wood DeAngelo-Bastian Smith-Gaunce 4/1/19
NEVER forget when wikileaks leaked CIA documents showing mass surveillance on citizens through our daily software and gadgets we use
CNN is Propaganda. Change my mind.
Vapers have begun dying of a 'mysterious' lung disease
Perfect Storm
Just some declassified/leaked govt documents CIA ones in particular
The continuous mass shootings are meant to prime us for worse events in the future
20 Mysterious Deaths Involving Conspiracies | blameitonjorge
Collateral Damage - Julian Assange
How do flat-earthers explain the inverted seasons in Australia?
Is Reddit doing something on purpose by possibly showing us these bots? I am your average redditor but even I found this guy.
Sacha Baron Cohen discovers pedophile ring
New Epstein Pedophile Island drone video 9/12/19 - Epstein should give groundskeeper pay raise for raging against Rusty Shackleford's eye in the sky.
Anyone notice these similarities before?
Is this where the spiral-in-triangle pedo code thing originated?
It’s a conspiracy, because this whole sub reddit doesn’t see it
Unpatriotic Democrats on the street want to see a recession to get rid of donald trump
NoOne wAnTs tO tAke ur gUnS!
The Voyage to Prove or Debunk the Hollow Earth That Never Happened
[Request] Could someone explain the jet fuel steal beam argument
Morality and ethics are a 1.5D 'binarily-complex' number line of objective Right and subjective "Good"
Don’t let any sub be the last stop for info
Can you see the difference ?
Twin Towers fall and are they replaced with a giant hollow black cube.
1.59 million “inactive” and “illegal” registered names on voter rolls removed in LA county alone Thanks to Judicial Watch lawsuit.
Has anyone deeper knowledge about these connections resp sources? (Maybe even MSM)
Shots Fired - "My left arm is broken and I've been shot in the neck"
NHL Fights Of The Night - February 27, 2019 Paul Buchnevich vs Yanni Gourde
After you spend years of research going through the many layers of political corruption, surveillance, false flag attacks, central banking, GMOs, Zionism, Illuminati bloodlines, and more, you come to realize that the true manipulators at the helm of the conspiracy are non-physical entities
What did he done this time?
Bronson - Real Fight and Riot Footage - "They were all my friends and they died."
Bronson - Real Fight and Riot Footage - "They were all my friends and they died."
Can Jet Fuel Melt Steel Beams? w/ Mick West - H3 Podcast Highlights - 1.41M subscribers - 236,910 views - Published on September 2019
political system and Education conspiracy
We Live in a Society Run by Psychopaths
Related article about the previous post made by u/dhylan about the death of Aaron Swartz
Do something about #epstein. I already did! You can make real change happen on we the peeps.
BREAKING: AG Barr approves the declassification -- and release to 9/11 plaintiffs -- of the name of a Saudi official who directed a Saudi diplomat in Los Angeles to assist two of the Saudi hijackers in the 9/11 plot. The name was redacted from FBI reports
So now the report is out about WTC building 7. Why have it demolished? What did it contain? Can destroying a building really erase its secrets?
Epstein's temple is boarded up now. Safe from prying drones. And just in time for Friday The 13th Harvest Moon.
Telling his side of a story! Betrayal or Obedience! Everything you need to know according to the Gospel of Judas
NHL Fights Of The Night - 3 Fights Mar 30, 2019 Wilson-Cernak Cirelli-Orpik Carrier-Goodrow
NHL Fights Of The Night - Alex Ovechkin vs Andrei Svechnikov April 15, 2019 #OvechkinKnockout
Why is Audi using Illuminati signs.... shoving their new cars...
Hockey is full of conspiracies, the biggest: Alex Ovechkin is a KGB Agent. They have groomed him from birth, arranged the marriage of his parents, both USSR Olympians, to create his genetics. They have a program that does this to create more athletes. KGB Killed his brother Sergei... (More)
NHL Fights of the Night - 3 Fights Chara-Kane-Backes-Haley-Goodrow-Wagner February 26, 2019
Southeast asian channel staging animal rescues to generate clicks
5 hour 9/11 video notes
This is the real political spectrum for the US
Todd Bertuzzi - Feeling Cute, Might Sucker Punch Steve Moore Later... Idk
10 Lost/Suppressed inventions that could have changed the World!
Declassified projects from 1970s - 1990s describe out of body experiments in which communication was made with "alligator" type beings
Holocaust Survivor tells completely unbelievable story on film
Pete said something interesting last night during the debate. Am I misinterpreting him? Or Freudian slip...?
Bob Probert vs Scott Stevens - Fights 1 and 2
5 Hour 9/11 Video Notes
Best conspiracy books?
Was googling out of curiosity and the first result gave me a sick, conspiracy like feeling in my stomach so I wanted to share. I remember seeing a video of Janet saying he knew people were going to kill him.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly - Fury, Wilder and Joshua Highlights
Former US intelligence officials say Israel spied on the White House — A report in Politico says that the Israeli government is “most likely” behind cell phone surveillance devices found by the Department of Homeland Security in the vicinity of the White House in 2017.
DAVID ICKE - 9/11 - THE TRIGGER: THE LIE THAT CHANGED THE WORLD
They killed Mr Rogers because he was teaching kids how to love
Men and women of influence—newspaper editors, politicians, bureaucrats, teachers, doctors—who act at the Jesuit’s behest were called in France "Jesuits of the short robe;" known in modern parlance as "Jesuit coadjutors," "Jesuit-trained," etc.
9/11 Whistleblowers (FULL DOCUMENTARY | 2019)
Wendel Clark vs Bob Probert Fights 1 - 4
According to Apple News supporters of Andrew Yang are too "alt-right"
Bob Probert - I Got 5 On It
Israel accused of planting mysterious spy devices near the White House
Now let me tell you something hard of understanding first. - There is no money. - Really. Billionaire here Billionaire there. Nope. The real power have no need of money. They don't own money. - They own the money factory, they can create and destroy how much they need or want
A Platform for free thinking without judgement?
What's up with progressives rapidly turning into authoritarian dictators?
CIA WARNING #55! Truth hides in plain sight. Can you Decode the Code in this Video?
For if we're devoid of all authority.
Guys we need to actually do something
A theory...
Why should you get into meditation? Also, how to develop and realign your spiritual body and activate your merkaba field
Sweden Follows Canada to Make 'Anti-Transgender' Speech a Hate Crime
WORLDWIDE Contraceptive pill shortage
[META]Beto O'Rourke on gun control: 'Hell yes, we’re going to take your AR-15.' This is further confirmation that the globalists are adamant about eliminating the public's ability to resist their subversion of democracy.
Hollow Moon
Download Microsoft office 365 home premium ,professional plus and business free #ms
Secret underground Facilities in America
Anyone have some non-USA government conspiracies?
13, Why 13? Fun, Visual Mind-Fuck Explanation You Won't Find Anywhere Else
Rusty Nelson interviewed by Michael Corbin about the Franklin child abuse cover up
911!
Why is 9/11 the only tragedy we are never allowed to forget?
Just curiosity of mine, how many here are on medications for mood/mind/behavior related issues? And do you think is a normal thing to do? How many do you know takes these pills? Details in the text area, Thank You
Check this out. Commander Graham Bethune provided these photos of a ufo in 1989 in Nashville.
TMZ “the feds don't want another screwup like Epstein, where the guards were literally asleep at the wheel.” Speaking on tekashis69’s stay at the snitch unit.
What is this? I didn't know there was a VISIBLE military base, in addition to the installations of Area 51, in the middle of the Nevada desert
The r/Epstein subreddit is operated by a pack of Scat Porn Trading Mongrels AND NO ONE CARES
The rabbi emeritus at Pittsburgh synagogue had attended every Shabbat service for 35 years. On the day of the shooting he stayed home
Someone or something could be purposefully lacing THC carts to make people sick and ruin vaping's reputation
The Prince and the Paedophile: Epstein's Royal Scandal
US is OK with Israeli spy?
BBC News: 9/11 "Hijackers" Alive and Well.
UK Voter Registration Down
The Disturbing, Exploiting Trend of Down Syndrome Drag Is Coming to the US. This is a shocking exploitation of special needs people to further a radical agenda.
Netanyahu denies Israel spying on the White House
It appears that the first domino is about to fall with the imminent arrest and prosecution of Andrew McCabe.
Because families of victims of 9/11 were allowed to sue Saudi Arabia we are finally going to know the previously redacted name of the third person in Saudi Arabia linked to planning and plotting of 9/11 from the Saudi side.
Nostradamus documentary 9/11
Interesting vid I found on Pinterest. Seems to be four military jets following a ufo.
Mysterious stuff caught on Google Maps
Best clip under 20 minutes long I have ever seen on 9/11
911 Put into Historical Context
That time the CIA released files documenting Aliens exiting a UFO and turning 5 Russian soldiers into “...stone poles”
All the hotels around Area 51 are booked, but what if that's just the government buying them all out to keep the attack at a minimum?
Vaping ban solved
Joe Biden slips and calls Bernie Sanders "the president"
Relevant
Why Jews?
Watch it if you're brave enough.
Conspiracy theory
New Interstellar Oumuamua-Like Object in Solar System: C/2019 Q4 Borisov
Can anyone transcribe this (supposedly leaked) cia document stating that 5 Russian soldiers encountered a UFO?
Reddit admins consider "1776" hate speech
Doctor &amp; Pharmacist Expose Big Pharma &amp; Food Industry Agenda
Has anyone else on here had this video pop up in their YouTube recommendations? I've never watched this show and other people have made comments on why it's appearing in their feed. Very weird.
Google search filters out this subreddit?
BOTS BEHAVING BADLY SS: the botnet malfunctioned and mixed up the subs for r/politics causing mass confusion be the impeachment and debate subs
Man Claims His Father Killed Bigfoot and Kept His Body Parts (Head is in the video), Frozen since 1953
BOTS BEHAVING BADLY the real thought leaders of r/politics
The Epstein-Funded Child Porn Hub MIT Media Lab That Murdered Aaron Swartz
Andrew McCabe (terrorist, and former Deputy Director of the FBI under James Comey) is about to be indicted. Here's "what you should know" -- Tracy Beanz
Judge Schroeder premeditated order came true, wrongfully orders imprisonment of innocent news reporter of USWGO alternative news
Bots misbehaving
Popped up on my YouTube. Very interesting 🤔
Here is the real reason the 9/11 attack happened:
The Lobby, USA
No shooters kill the president even though it's easy.
Lift your spirits everyday on Imgur
I was looking up search trends and was curious why google would present the data this way. Also stay woke Iowa!
Could it be it that these deaths did not happen?
I've been thinking about the opioid crisis...
U.S. versus Venezuela.
Hamburger Hill - Paint It Black - Vietnam Combat Footage
All 14 Edmonton Oilers Fights of the 2018-19 Season - #Kassian #Nurse #Lucic #Brodziak
Default subs will shadow block/ban you if you dont have enough karma
Jason Goodman Interviews Special Guest Richard Gage (co-founder of Architects &amp; Engineers for 9/11 Truth)
Ryan Reaves vs Adam McQuaid 01/06/19
CHL Fights - Playoff Hockey - Alexey Toropochenko vs Sam Bitten - May 2nd, 2019.
Awesome
Funny how these details were overlooked by the mainstream media when all eyes were on Epstein and he was still alive.
New political cartoon - "Never forget."
Bruce Lee’s Mother Grace Shares Details About Her Son’s life In Rare Interview
9/11 anniversary happening the same week as Friday the 13th. Accident or premeditated plot?
Wexner is now embarrassed about being affiliated with JE. After making him a “talent scout” and 100mill in gifts
Anybody remotely serious understands there's a world of difference between social democracy and authoritarian comminism
President anyone instituting a mandatory gun confiscation program would be a fitting end to the American Republic
Youtube making sure you recognize them as a publisher and not a platform in light of the section 230 discussion
Joe rogan and friends search for the truth behind Bob lazar and ufos
Rothschild Family Wikipedia
[Perspective] The forest fires were a means to cover up top secret satellite launch , satellites of other countries can't pick up this cause of the dense smoke [Detailed below]
The Real Conspiracy is that People have different Opinions!
9/11 survivor question
NFL and Facial Recognition
Amy klobuchar is actually Hillary Clinton wearing a skin suit so she can run for president again. You can tell by how the eyebrow is stretched out wrong on the one side
Earth heading into solar minimum that may causes major cooling and is expected to last from 2020-2055
All real cures are suppressed by big pharma, and everyone who has a cure is murdered.
Sign this petition to have Congress review the Bill Gates backed Solar Geoengineering initiative. It is unsafe for humans and there are better ways to go about solving climate change
if bones survive 66 million years every time you dig a hole you'll find a skull and that 66 looks hmmmm to me
Way of life
All real cures are suppressed by big pharma, and everyone who has a cure is murdered.
spit on toothbrush bristle
Lockheed Martin unveils iSpace.
Can 9/11 TV imagery by trusted? 5 TV Networks (ABC/CBS/CNN/FOX/NBC) synchronized from 8:52AM - 9:03 AM on September 11, 2001.
Anyone else noticing an uptick in holocaust denial and white genocide bs on this sub?
Air Force: No one will actually storm area 51. These guys: Hold my beer.
fACT OR fICTION - International Jewery/Zionism Declared War on Germany before Germany Declared any war at all?
The Elephant in the Room; Big Pharma and State Governments are Behind Push To Ban Flavored E-Liquids.
How will the world react?
Sort by new in the r/Politics megathread RIGHT NOW. Tons of bots! Someone got their threads mixed up and sent all of their bots to the wrong thread!
Correlation between the Donald and conspiracy subreddits regarding 9/11
CNN showing people littering juul pods on Snapchat but focusing on fear in juul pods
Interesting: ICE fails to properly redact document, reveals location of future "urban warfare" training facility
Swedish Scientist Suggests Eating Humans As The Solution To Climate Change
Brazilian official who protects Amazon indigenous tribes shot dead
child protective services kidnapping children for decades...ages? (Bill cooper CAJI report)
Article title speaks for itself
Former Disney Channel actor alleges manager sexually assaulted him 'almost weekly'
Paul Craig Roberts 9/11 The Twin Towers - What Really Happened Interview
Tomorrows News Today! Live From FEMA Region VI Fighting Tyranny Worldwide This Is the INFOWAR Clown World Live Democratic Debates 9/12/2019
The US bombed Serbia under a false pretence
You can’t look at this photo and tell me that the election hasn’t already been decided by the MSM. Final three will be Warren, Bernie and Biden, with Warren beating them out because having another woman candidate is good PR for the elite. NBC, I see you.
What if Disney purchased fox to silence Matt Groening
Nancy Pelosi - "If this Capitol crumbled to the ground, the one thing that would remain would be our commitment to our aid, I don’t even call it our aid, our cooperation with Israel."
LIVE: PewDiePie Trolls the ADL, Pulls Donation to Censorship Organization
Conspiracies Hidden In Plain Sight In These Anime
jimmy dore sums up us against them
Never Forget
What does this sub think of the movie "Vice"?
What is Project Blackcastle?
ADL is now blackmailing pewdiepie
Socialist Scientist Says Cannibalism May Be A Solution To Climate Change
OC
Woman/Thot Who Smashed Babies Skull Found Not Guilty of Murder
Does Chabad practice human sacrifice?
Every Ridiculous Claim of the 9/11 "Official Story" Crammed into 7 Minutes
First Responders Urge 9/11 Investigation — Sept. 11, 2019
Article from a year and a half ago re: Israeli Stingray devicecs in Washington DC [April, 2018: Mystery phone trackers detected in Washington]
Article from a year and a half ago re: Israeli Stingrays in Washington DC [April, 2018:Mystery phone trackers detected in Washington]
They've been behind this all along.
THEORY: Alien reveal hoax being prepped by elites to distract us
2018 Election a False Flag?
I won't be posting these every time, but there's a new Richard Wolff lecture out covering some relevant topics.
https://youtu.be/o2XVzHbwSPY
In case you forgot ...
Why should you meditate? Also, mass meditations you can participate in and how to reactivate your merkaba.
My post about the nuclear test photos has vanished? My friend translated the text. "실제 핵 실험 사진. 봉인!" or "Real nuclear test photo. seal!"
On r/news front page 👍this is progress
"The wheels of Justice turn slow but when they turn they are powerful." - Q
YouTube ???
Big win for the criminal justice system this week!
Huge win for the criminal justice system this week
Gore criticizes Bush for ignoring Iraq's ties to terrorism
What is the agenda of making everyone in the usa overweight?
How can I watch the Democratic debate tonight from abroad?
Unpatriotic Democrats on the street want to see a recession to get rid of donald trump
9/11 the true numbers!
The Real Conspiracy Is That Every Negative Mention of Trump is Downvoted
Thoughts on 9/11?
Israel Allegedly Installed Stingray Devices Around D.C. to Spy on President Trump
Yellowhammer is an anagram of Orwell Mayhem
Justice Department to reveal name of individual accused of aiding 9/11 hijackers
What happened to her?
Stefan hits identity politics hard and exposes racism against whites. He's become a true defender of Western civilization.
The difference bet. a theorist &amp; a crank
Do you remember this? Edgar Mitchell, an Apollo 14 Astronaut, sixth person to have walked on the moon, who as per official records have walked on the moon for 9 hrs, has revealed the following (image). Shortly after they made him say in a Fox News interview that his comments does not involve NASA.
Thoughts on this theory?
Quote that always feels relevant on the anniversary of 9/11....
FBI Finally Agrees To Name Saudi Official Who Helped 9/11 Attackers
Scrolling the ESPN home page and I immediately notice this. Thoughts?
Goldie Goldthorpe and the Carlson Brothers - Real Fights
Barbara Spectre Is Back
Justice Dept. won’t cite state secrets to hide identify of person who ‘tasked’ Saudis to aid 9/11 hijackers
Prozac maker paid millions to secure favorable verdict in mass shooting lawsuit, victims say
Nikola Tesla put forward a plan to provide the the world with FREE Wireless energy yet was shut down because the elite couldn't make trillions off of oil. Tell me Austin how capitalism without limits is a good thing?
Gallup: 83 Percent of Adults Blame 'Mental Health' for Mass Shootings
Industry Coalition Launches Seven-Figure Ad Blitz to Flood Democratic Debate With Attacks on Medicare for All
Donald Trump didn't fire Bolton because he was playing 4D chess. He fired Bolton because Bolton wasn't imperialist enough for Trump
The mainstream is catching on...
Do blackmail tapes rule the world?
George 'St. Anger' Foreman - 83.5% - Best KO% In Heavyweight History - All Knockouts
Facebook Suspends Israeli Prime Minister's Page For 24 Hours Over "Hate Speech" - just 1 week prior to election
Reddit intentionally trying to redirect attention away from MIT and it’s involvement with serial rapist and pedophile, Jeff Epstein. This entire website is one giant astroturfing campaign.
The Official 9/11 Explanation is The Greatest “Coincidence Theory” Ever
Facebook Suspends Israeli Prime Minister's Page For 24 Hours Over "Hate Speech" - just 1 week prior to election
Distractions
I mean... seriously!?
US concluded Israel likely planted surveillance devices near White House: report
Dont you guys find it kinda odd how everyone is beginning to talk about government corruption on tv?
"Not Human" Reddit bots?
Look for a False Flag Mass Shooting or Terrorist Attack Next 2 Weeks Now That Charges are Proceeding Against McCabe
Just Lord Rothschild, Barbara Spectre and other insanely wealthy people of a certain tribe meeting in Jerusalem on 9/11. Nothing to see here.
Stranger Things... transgender child actors in Hollywood
Pt. 2 - NEW Clues - The Zodiac Killers Crime Scenes And Their Close Proximity To State Parks
Someone in DC claims to have audio of Rod, Brennan, Comey, Mueller, Holder, Lynch, McCabe, Page, Strzok, and many others attempting to overthrow the government.
The Global Elite on Both Sides were in on Bombing Iraq -Gore criticizes Bush for ignoring Iraq's ties to terrorism
Former NFL running back Larry Johnson knows about secret societies and devil worship among athletes.....
Ever wonder if it's human rights or oil that we want in Syria? Check out Israel dual citizen ran Oil Company Genie's board of directors.
Iceland blackmailed by the cabal. ADL serves the bankers who Iceland resisted in 2008
Iceland blackmail by the cabal. ADL serves the bankers who Iceland resisted.
The Next Monopoly Game Idea is it Junk, is it Gold, or is it Something Else.
The Federal Reserve, the EU Central Bank and the Bank of England are controlled by apprentices of the Jesuits.
The idea of duality when applied to freemasonry. A friendly fraternity or a secret society? Some interesting facts about the Rothschilds and other European oligarchs and also, what interesting facts do you know about freemasonry and other secret societies?
Five companies control 90% of the media in the US. These and companies on the outside are controlled by the CIA, the Jesuits and their apprentices.
The black pope used spies to obtain the complete plans for the largest ground invasion in military history, the German invasion of Russia in WWII.
The Jewish role in the German communist revolution of 1919, The Treaty of Versailles and The Munich agreement.
Communism was tested by the Jesuits in Paraguay before the Russian revolution. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
The Jewish role in the Russian Communist revolution.
Holocaust denial arguments: the true maximum cremation capacity at Auschwitz-Birkenau.
A debunking of the latest political hit job against trump by r/bestof
Lost Nuke Photos (More to Come in Comments)
A little levity today.
That's a lot of hate speech! /s
Wikipedia is and will be increasingly infiltrated by those with access to mainstream news sources because it's trivial to get something published if you are in power and the wikipedia 'editors' can shift the narrative with facts they insert.
It SMELL LIKE Turnt Gnat Legz ontopa Swoll Turtle cheek In Washington DC Due 2ALL the Corruption
A Short Documentary About The True Truth Behind 9/11
Petition to stop federal vaping ban
The Banned Antarctica Video
Another Child Actor Exposes Ex Manager of Sexual Assault.
Strange Weather Phenomena
The Trump administration is planning on banning flavored Ecigs, mean while they have taken more from the Tobacco lobby then any administration in recent history.
The Octopus: Mysterious hidden hand pulling all the strings?
A Short Documentary About The True Truth Behind 9/11
Kennedy family reunion July of 2018. Who wears a mask like this in broad daylight? Could it be JR? Them calves/feet look quite similar.
Preliminary fact-finding about MIT and Jeffrey Epstein: Sent to the MIT community
A 2nd mysterious object from interstellar space may be about to fly through our solar system
Baby body parts trafficking company StemExpress admits to keeping babies Alive so that whole, beating hearts and heads can be harvested
Centralization of Control
Whatever happened to the Area 51 Raid?
I really believe there is a plot to ruin the lgbt community
Why Conspiracies are Not Stupid
The True Truth About 9/11
Mckamey Manor participents
Searching for a video: someone giving an interview or a speech on 9/11 at the pentagon prior to the attacks and an aircraft is heard flying over and everyone reacts...
Trump tweets he fired Bolton because he was 'holding him back'
The Finland subreddit mods censor 9/11
JFK Speech - "Opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings." 04/27/61
A debunking of the latest political hit job against trump by r/bestof
ICE Fails To Properly Redact Document, Reveals Location Of Future 'Urban Warfare' Training Facility
World vaccine summit in brussels
Hamburger Hill - Paint It Black - Vietnam Combat Footage
Epstein + Trump = Menschenhandel!
https://www.worldofrath.com/black-crime/
Anti defamation league is attacking Iceland for wanting to ban male genital mutilation.
New Rian Johnson movie "Knives Out" receives 100% on Rotten Tomatoes....I wonder who produced the movie?
Chemtrails a thing of the past?
Israel Allegedly Installed Stingray Devices Around D.C. to Spy on President Trump
Judicial Watch: Defense, State Department Documents Reveal Obama Administration Knew that al Qaeda Terrorists Had Planned Benghazi Attack 10 Days in Advance
Gas Monkey Effect
Pedophile ritual sacrifices of children in France documentation.
Cus D' Amato - My Job Is To Take The Spark and Fan It - All Tyson-Patterson-Torres KO's - 70 ko's in a row plus Cus.
New $1 million campaign to spam carefully designed pro-vaccine propaganda into anti-vaccine forums and platforms
Reminder: Epstein was a CIA honeypot used to blackmail tech billionaires to do the government's bidding
Big Tobacco Behind Vaping Deaths?
You aren't going to accept this. The truth about 9/11 truthers.
Free Beacon: Clinton White House Created Secret 'Seminar Caller' Program for Talk Radio!
RFK Jr.: Sirhan Sirhan didn't kill my father
Yeah, probably because he was confused to why his own employers were coming to kill him; if he ever died at all.
On the days leading up to 9/11, massive put options (which are basically bets that the stock will go down) were taken out on American Airlines and United Airlines
Tyson Fury vs Deontay Wilder Fight Highlights - Let's Go Again - Fury had this.
Never forget 9/11
Predators need to be stopped. I was just approached in a grocery store parking lot by this man. He gave me his card and asked me if I wanted to go have some fun because he was "horny as shit". I can't just let it go. In the era of #metoo this behavior needs to be shut down. Do your worst reddit
Julian Assange: Disappeared, but Not Forgotten
The Trayvon Hoax: Unmasking the Witness Fraud that Divided America
David Icke - "The Trigger" Book Launch Live From Derby
With so Much Discussion Around WTC7, Don't Forget the Shadow of 1 and 2 Will Always Loom Larger
5G. Sometimes you just have to dig "deep" 😂 to get past the sheeple programming.
Buzzy Krongard was the executive director of the CIA on 9/11. Previously, he was the CEO of AB Brown, the investment firm that purchased “put options” on American Airlines that were six times higher than normal, and when the stock plummeted the next day, his old firm made $4million.
Censorship on Reddit
What is Project Zyphr?
The end of Globalism?
New details in suspicious death of DNC Lawsuit Server, Shawn Lucas
r/AirForce is no place for critical thinking or open debate about 9/11
Recent military test of AI guided weapons system with the ultimate goal of creating semi/fully autonomous AI swarm bots. And it was at China Lake
Former Secretary Of Defense Donald Rumsfeld: "What's building 7?"
The Dark Crystal:The Age of Resistance - Has anyone else watched this and caught all of the conspiracy sub-plots(Ruling class are avian/reptiles, they drain the "essence" of their cattle, the concepts of internal Duality, divide and conquer).
Bronson - Real Fight and Riot Footage - "They were all my friends and they died."
Most of you have been duped
I just think evolution is a stupid concept and it is another tool that is used to control us.
9/11 planes hoax
A forum I've frequented over the years seems like a small community of admins that post under a bunch of different user names to make it look like an active community
Simulation Theory and Intelligent Design: Are Creationists Owed an Apology?
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 8/?
Any good science mysteries?
HD 9/11 footage from INSIDE building 7
John Kerry Says WTC 7 Brought Down In Controlled Fashion
Remember we give them BILLIONS a year.
Crisis Actor Confirmed. Man honored by White House for heroic actions during El Paso shooting made up his story about throwing soda bottles at shooter.
FAA tapes
9/11 debate
Human Meat in McDonald’s Factory
I believe 9/11 was an inside job, my friends call me a conspiracy nut!
Drake's Involvement in XXXTentacion's Death
Ryan Dawson and Mick West debunking Building 7 demolition, Ryan compromised?
Here's a summary of the entirely ridiculous bullshit that is the 9/11 official story in just 5 minutes.
An honest question regarding WTC 7
"Of the mossad, Wildcard. Ruthless and cunning. Has capability to target US &amp; make it look like a palestinian/arab act"
PTech, Inc. The communications framework of the FBI, DOD, USPS, IRS, NATO, USAF, FAA, Secret Service (and more!) And it's connections to Saudi Extremism. How the US had prior knowledge of the attacks on 9/11
Reminder: Alex Jones was pulled from FB/Twitter/Youtube only after he circulated a petition to free Julian Assange.
Here's a summary of the entirely ridiculous bullshit that is the 9/11 official story in just 5 minutes.
looking for recommendations
Epstein case and Amazon distraction - seems fishy?
More Americans Questioning Official 9/11 Story As New Evidence Contradicts Official Narrative
Israel accused of planting mysterious spy devices near the White House
The Anti-Defamation League (ADL) are blackmailing and defaming Iceland, threatening to use the American MSM to destroy Iceland's tourism economy, if Iceland bans circumcision.
Beware Trivial Inconveniences - But these trivial inconveniences have major policy implications. Countries like China that want to oppress their citizens are already using "soft" oppression to make it annoyingly difficult to access subversive information.
Government Orders Google To Let Employees Express Unpopular Political Views. Since any opposition to leftism is "hate speech", are we now in the 4th Reich?
WOW!! EL Paso Shooting 'Hero' ARRESTED by Secret Service at White House Event // Is This the First Crisis Actor to Go Down ??
Woke dating/relationships?
Infanticide Hearing Witness Says Hospital Created ‘Comfort Room’ Where Aborted Babies Die
We Need to Talk About Israel
Where Did the Towers Go? Evidence of Directed Energy Technology on 9/11
List of Sketchy CIA/Military Projects
Just another day in America; land of the free, home if the brave.
Why cant I find anything on the HooH corporation?
Forget 1984, We’re Facing A Brave New World
Never forget that starting on 9/12 flights in the US were grounded unless you were Bin Laden's family.
5G Technology will bring on the next wave of tech miss information, half truths, and poorly produced videos with bad mixes of low narration and overly loud scary music.
Teen dream nightmare: Aaron Carter says he suffers from schizophrenia, multiple mental health issues
E. Michael Jones drops truth bomb about 9/11 in a tweet.
Tucker Carlson accidentally promotes one of the most anti-capitalist, real-Left positions!
Do you all think the divine beings from the heavens (the stars) are by definition extraterrestrial ? Are star beings interesting with earth ? If they could have interacted with ancient politics and religion, are they still now ?
This came up on the screen at the blink 182 concert and was saying a message to the audience. Why is this necessary...?
Israel accused of planting mysterious spy devices near the White House
Gibson Island, Maryland and a crowd source effort to understand affiliations between the elite families that live their, and many of the conspiracies of the last 100 years
Police raid homes of opposition activists across Russia - The Mainichi
'Billions of dollars' reportedly seized at Dubai International Airport
Must watch! Anime from 2014 shows how 9/11 was done.
Girls who appeared to be 11 to 12 seen with Jeffrey Epstein getting off his plane in 2018 as authorities eyed his travel abroad
Cryptid Paranormal and UFO News. Owlman and the Tr3B
US study shows: Poverty and social inequality are killers — A study by the Government Accountability Office released this week shows that poor Americans are nearly twice as likely to die before they reach old age as rich Americans.
ADL threatens to defame Iceland
Trump saw on 9/11/2001: bombs were used in WTC
The strange persistence of the 'red mercury' myth
Turkey's controversial plan to flood 12,000-year-old city, "containing thousands of caves, churches and tombs." Hmmmm
Do the numbers work?
Do the numbers work?
Do the numbers work?
Do the numbers work?
Jeffrey Epstein`s Case 'The Day That Changed It All. This video sums up our world pretty damn good.
The truth behind the e-cig ban
Social media unsually silent about Area 51?
The Epstein-Funded Child Porn Hub MIT Media Lab That Murdered reddit Co-founder Aaron Swartz
r/AirForce is no place for critical thinking or open debate
TRUMP DROPS MAJOR 9 11 TRUTH BOMB by Johnny Gat
A day late, but look what I found walking through Köln Germany yesterday.
What are some other good websites that you guys get your information from?
Turkey's controversial plan to flood 12,000-year-old city, "containing thousands of caves, churches and tombs." Hmmmm
Water Found On A Habitable Alien Planet, NASA Future Interstellar Ship Can Get There In 52 Weeks
The Epstein-Funded Child Porn Hub MIT Media Lab That Murdered Aaron Swartz
Jewish vs Israeli
Never forget 🙏
TIL Couples are not having kids due to "climate change". When did this happen and who is driving it?
Using money to determine human value is immoral
Israel accused of planting mysterious spy devices near the White House
Alternate angle shows demolition charges going off in WTC 7
How much do you really know about the most important terrorist attacks in human history?
100% not a conspiracy theory. Google it if you don't believe it.
9/11: 40 phone-calls that changed the world – but were they real? The U.S. government’s 9/11 evidence says not
Michael Collins Piper - Israel’s Secret Agenda: Funding Arab Terrorism
You Weren’t Stupid, Mr. Brown! - CNN’s brief shining moment on September 11, 2001
Anyone seen this book? Anything on these editors or writers of this book?
Robert Mueller helped Saudi Arabia cover up its role in 9/11 attacks
Hamburger Hill - Paint It Black - Vietnam Combat Footage
Loose Change Final Cut - Official Trailer
Oy vey!
Looking for info on Trudeau family being connected to oil industry
Spider Man Far From Home - Illuminati? SPOILERS!
Shots Fired - "My left arm is broken and I've been shot in the neck"
Loose Change: Final Cut (Video 2007)
Michael Collins Piper on 9/11 (2010)
Dutch YouTube duo arrested at Area 51
Gematria is something I just started reading about because of what people say about 911. I was curious and discovered this these other weird coincidences.
Listening to Kanye West- All Fall Down. The lyrics make me really think what's happened to Kayne?!
EU To flight climate change flights subject to 150% tax
I’ll just put it here , in case u guys need it.
E. Michael Jones drops truth bomb about 9/11 in a tweet.
Jarrid Wilson "Suicide"
It can’t be this simple but just Incase - if we kept running the same water through a hydroelectric plant, would that be infinite energy?
Michael Collins Piper - Israel’s Use of False Flags in Global Terrorism
So 2 dutch youtubers have done a trial run of the area 51 raid Not really a conspiracy or anything, but the dutch news just posted this.
Why did Russia send the US a crying vagina as a 9/11 Memorial?
XPost /r/todayilearned: "TIL of Rick Rescorla, who saved all but 6 of his 2700 employees during the 9/11 attacks by directing people down the stairs using a bullhorn and encouraging them by singing Cornish songs." Does this sound incredibly unlikely to anyone else??
Saw this comment on r/pics. When Bush "1st" learned of the attacks-
Lots of astroturfed Islamophobia on The_Donald yesterday.
Opinion based For-Profit Corporate media should not exist
The 2.3 trillion dollars that disappeared before 9/11, what's all that about?
RFK jr. says Sirhan Durham was a patsy for his father’s murder
Holy sheet.. Is it finally happening?
9/11 Truth movement is becoming a bigger and bigger pain in the ass to the deep state. Who will they kill next to defuse the situation?
As long as you treat them with scientific rigor, dismiss them when they are based on unfalsifiable claims and when enough evidence has accumulated against them, it can be useful to consider c0nsplracy theories.
Seen in green text. Thought it was well put enough for here
Can anyone say assassination
Disney star of Forever In Your Mind boyband claims former manager pedophile groomed and raped him, then passed him onto associates- APA agent Tyler Grasham and Producer Nils Larsen starting when he was only 12
World Trade Center Advertisement, May 2, 1968
Epstein and Trump - cozy relationship - this video has audio but hard to hear - needs an expert to extract it.
Dont watch the last hour of this if you like Joe Rogan :s
Some people did something on 9/11.
On 9/11 interview from the WTC7 lobby, Secret Service agent Bennette declares his title his "OST". OST is responsible for transportation of nuclear weapons.
u/Various_Extinctions was paid by Netflix to make memes about Dark Crystal
The Mechanics of Deception (9/11 and The Princess Bride)
Rocky Marciano - Straight Outta Brockton - All Recorded Knockouts
What's up with this recent HPV vaccination BS?
I can’t find the full phone call with Betty Ong from flight 11
Former head of the 9/11 commission doesn't even believe the 'official story'.
Weird Outlines in the Pacific Ocean by Panama plus a crater or mound.
'Lone Gunmen' predicts 9/11 Israel &amp; US Govt False Flag Attacks (new video)
Front page of reddit is linking Saudi royal family to 911 hijackers with 70k up votes.
Twitter critics claim Melania Trump's coat in 9/11 tribute looks like plane flying into tower
Does anyone remember the MiniClip videos featuring George W. Bush &amp; Arnold Schwarzenegger? [2001/2002]
9/11 mystery solved: World Trade Center building didn't collapse due to fire – study finds
Happy 9/12. You couldn’t fly but Saudi nationals could.
Never Forget
Trump retweeting Paul Joseph Watson on 9/11. He must know the truth if he follows this guy on twitter?
Melania Trump trolled for 9/11 coat with twin tower optical illusion
This is the first time that I’ve ever seen this. Anyone else?
Anybody have the video of the suspicious 9/11 victim interview?
David Icke reptilian theory sounds crazy to most everyone BUT...
Another 9/11 post
The conspiracy to keep you unhappy
Let's say 9/11 WAS an inside job. What would become of America? Would exposing the truth topple the government? What would happen next?
Australia is slowly being forced to use Government-controlled internet
A year ago today I had the top post on r/conspiracy on 9/11... Even I thought it was absurd.
This 9/11 memorial given to the U.S. by Russia looks like a drop of oil...
This is probably the best, damning 9/11 video I've seen to date. If it's a repost, I'm sorry, but more should see it!
Pizza shop in Brooklyn uses both pedo symbols as a logo. Pizzalovesemily.com
5G. Sometimes you just have to dig "deep" 😂 to get past the sheeple programming.
George W. Bush And Donald Rumsfeld Lay A Wreath At The Pentagon September 11, 2019
Regardless of Idealogy we can agree that American Imperialism is bad and the government does every attempt to hide it
Trump ordered NOAA to put out a statement which was a lie to support his claim that Alabama was at risk from Dorian. He told a government agency whose job it is to keep Americans safe to lie to the public in order to make himself seem less crazy!
"Conspiracy Theorist"
9/11 has a very, nothing to see here, move along, attitude
For all of you here that view President Trump as being on our side, how do you reconcile this belief with the fact he continues to propagate the official story of 9/11 despite a majority of Americans who believe it to be bullshit?
Republicans in NC held a vote on budget while Democrats were visiting a 9/11 memorial.
The Pentagon USA
Slap Shot - Dirty NHL Penalties w/ Denis Lemieux and Jim Carr
/r/California is censoring civil discussion
Swamp is Draining... Bolton gone McCabe Brennan next.
48 states launch antitrust probe into Google. "In the second quarter of 2019, Google removed 500 million comments, more than a 100,000 videos, and over 17,000 channels on YouTube." Timestamp link to the google segment on Tucker Carlson Tonight.
Free Falling
Former Disney Channel actor alleges manager sexually assaulted him 'almost weekly'
Trump ordered NOAA to put out a statement which was a lie to support his claim that Alabama was at risk from Dorian. He told a government agency whose job it is to keep Americans safe to lie to the public in order to make himself seem less delusional!
PewDiePie's latest Tweet regarding ADL. Something a lil weird not gonna lie.
9/11
This is probably the best, damning 9/11 video I've seen to date. If it's a repost, I'm sorry, but more should see it!
48 states launch antitrust probe into Google. "In the second quarter of 2019, Google removed 500 million comments, more than a 100,000 videos, and over 17,000 channels on YouTube." Timestamp link to the google segment on Tucker Carlson Tonight.
Geo-engineering. One of the best presentations I've seen. Problem is, it is old and we are late.
Capt. Russ Wittenberg piloted flights 93 and 175 prior to 9/11 and says it’s all bullshit.
Is 9/11 A Conspiracy? We want your input!
The government cares about our health so much that they'll take away a child. Forcing it to undergo a chemical treatment that may or may not work.
Horseman of the awakening
Ted Bundy on his final confession agreed to talk to a single evangelist - to whom he confessed: pornography was the single greatest motivator of his crim
9/11 Explained in 5 Minutes: A Classic
Unnatural, pushy Vape coverage
Looking for a good 9/11 doc tonight
Trump Administration Officials Arrested for Scamming Puerto Rico Out of $1.8 Billion in Hurricane Relief Funds?
Times changing randomly?! On the bottom right corner you can see the time change between the timestamps 5:17 and 5:19. Idk if this means something or not but it seems scetch, might be wrong tho.
HEADON! Apply directly to the forehead! - I think this was played repeatedly after the 9/11 attacks.
Going through my grandfathers old belongings I came across a encased photo of JFK when I took it out its case I seen on the back numerous signatures also says FBI spring 1963. Any ideas. What should I do with this. Does it have any worth?
Youtube video how combustible is jet fuel that mostly was propelled forward on impact and burned off to the side of the buildings in a short burning fireball?
Evening, September 11, 2001: White House staff, including Cheney, start taking anti-Anthrax antibiotic Cipro -- even though Anthrax Attacks would not begin for another 2 weeks.
9/10/2001: Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld - We've "Lost" 2.3 Trillion Dollars
NOT DISPUTED: Alternate angle shows demolition charges going off in WTC7 (look at right half of building)
Epstein: Follow the MONEY
Where is he?
The best 9/11 video I've ever seen
As the rest of reddit gushes over a photo of GW learning of the 9/11 attack "for the first time," let's appreciate that ritual for what it was.
Philip Morris and other Tobacco companies have lost more money this year than any year in the past century, so they need to manufacture a false “vaping epidemic” to get vaping banned and people hooked on cigarettes again.
I'm a hs history teacher. I showed a brief summary video today, then showed this and told them to research it themselves. Had a couple reactions
The REAL reason they are banning vaping
Top Craziest 9/11 Theories
Wikipedia article describing the organ harvesting of Falun Gong political dissidents in China.
Where is he?
9/11: So Many Questions
Where Did the Towers Go? Evidence of Directed Energy Technology on 9/11
So when do the 9/11 "dubunkers" start apologizing for the years of being wrong about virtually everything, and for bashing all of the 9/11 truth seekers who were right about virtually everything?
Parental advice requested after an a 9/11 official story indoctrination at my child's school today.
Stop fucking downloading the browser extension honey!!!
This sub will be hilarious today
I’ve always had a “theory” that 9/11 was committed on September 11th because that’s the number Americans call when in need of urgent help (911)
Why they picked 9/11.
Top Ten Abuses of Power Since 9/11
LA Times posts video of Tulsi nominating Bernie 1 day before 3rd debate
To those who said that 70% of americans believe the government was involved in 9/11. Read these comments from r/pics
What are some good 9/11 documentaries?
Author Mick West, satisfied that an interest is seeking the truth is "fading away."
The proof is right in front of our eyes. 1 party mess it up, the other party “cleans” it up and the tomf**kery continues
New York Fire Commissioner Christopher Gioia at First Responders Press Conference - National Press Club Washington DC September 11, 2019
What have you learned in the last 18 years? Can you see behind the curt...
Bronson - Real Fight and Riot Footage - "They were all my friends and they died."
Hey mods - this post is breaking the rules and on the front page of r/conspiracy
You guys know how the iPhone 11 came out today right?? It’s 9-11-19 18 years since the tragedy. Well the i is the 9th letter in the alphabet just like the i in IPhone. Well, if u put the 9 and the 11 together you get 9/11 the exact day that the planes flow into the World Trade Center.
On 9/11 well after planes were grounded who were these planes taking off well afterward from Reagan International &amp; out of Texas? Video Courtesy of NASA/FAA
Never Forget - Vans filled with explosives were discovered around the George Washington bridge. One van with a mural of a plane diving into the twin towers with 5 Israeli's were arrested. These are the 5 dancing Israeli's.
Have you guys noticed the last few months the skys have been chemtrail free?
9/11: Why didn’t anyone hear the planes?
Dual citizen Israeli/US Rabbi Dov Zakheim was the Pentagon Comptroller during 9/11 when trillions went missing. Our government is infiltrated by dual citizens who make sure that Israelis live like Kings &amp; Queens from our taxpayers sweat &amp; tears. They have free healthcare why don't you?
Never forget that when told “America is under attack” Bush decided to do nothing for 45min.
Opened the case of this old jfk picture to find this on back..any idea it says FBI signatures?
The vaping community should start their own moral panic to get all fruity or good tasting alcohol banned for marketing to children. Think of the children.
Former NYC stockbroker reveals how airline stocks and shares rapidly changed before 9/11
Never forget that when told “the nation is under attack”, Bush sat and listened to a children’s book for 45min.
Found old JFK photo and opened the case to find this on the back?
Why should you get into meditation? And why TPTB hope that you don't. Also, how to reactivate your merkaba
Hamburger Hill - Paint It Black - Vietnam Combat Footage
The real gender imbalance which causes great suffering. (Warning, Black Pill)
These say 50 percent less but I feel like depending on the chip itself that isnt true. Maybe on the average of a days worth of production it's less, but hear me out, my fiancee is high blood pressure so we got these, honestly they are just as salty (if not a couple chips being more salty)
What would have happened if I stayed at Narconon and completed the program and not escaped?
Woman paid $10K in bitcoin to a ‘dark-web’ company to have her lover's wife killed
Kids chanting: "Hit!" "Steel!" "Plane!" "Must!" before president Bush was notified about the twin tower attacks.
Never Forget - Vans filled with explosives were discovered around the George Washington bridge. One van with a mural of a plane diving into the twin towers with 5 Israeli's were arrested. These are the 5 dancing Israeli's.
Ghislaine Maxwell's sister (Christine) owns "Chiliad Software". Chiliad Software pwns the Director of National Intelligence.
Why The Islamic State Will Remain
Girls who appeared to be 11 to 12 years old seen with Jeffrey Epstein getting off his plane in 2018. Is this young enough to be pedophilia for the apologists or shall we move the goalposts further?
It's official. Trump is a nanny state bitch doing the bidding of big pharma!!!
Rumsfeld On Destroying The Pentagon
The Israeli "Art" students lived in the WTC for 4 years leading up to 9/11
911 - Bombs Were Planted In The Buildings!
E. Michael Jones drops truth bomb about 9/11 in a tweet.
Tomorrows News Today! Live From FEMA Region VI Fighting Tyranny Worldwide This Is the INFOWAR Wednesday Show Live 9/11/2019 Commercial Free
E. Michael Jones speaks the truth in a tweet on 9/11.
Metallic smell
David Icke’s “The Trigger” Release Event
James Comey got a job at the Ground Zero memorial site just days before 9/11. Coincidence??
🔴 LIVE: Remembering 9-11 w/ Christopher Bollyn
Lift the Veil: No Planes on 9/11?
Hillary sold our Uranium to Putin. Bill paid $500K for 1 speech in Moscow. Biden flew son to China on Air Force 2 to secure $1B deal from China. Obama sent cash to Iran. Yet Dems call Trump a foreign agent?
Could someone send a link to the documentary regarding the George Busch et al., and the bonds that were cashed in?
16 Warning Signs of Cancer You Shouldn’t Ignore
Bush learns the plan is in motion
BREAKING: SINCE ITS PRETTY generally accepted here that it was Saddam that funded the 9/11 hijacks by routing weapons of major damage and money through the black Taliban. What other conspiracies turned out to be false ?
9/11 - Share What You Know
Cheney however is another story.
UFO? Ancient Antarctica-NEW Dome-Shaped Building DISCOVERED
How Schools Promote a Fixed Mindset and Inhibit Growth
2018 Triple Crown winner Justify failed a drug test in the lead up to that year's Kentucky Derby, however officials (with an ownership stake in horses owned by Justify's owner) covered up the positive test result. After his win, Justify's breeding rights were sold for $60 million.
Dawn Lee Bronx Real Estate - When it comes to The Bronx New York area real estate and life style, t
Masonic Imagery Playing Out In Our Faces|Fmr. Sec. of Defense Donald Rumsfeld Executes 'hidden hand' Sign At His Resignation Press Conference
This is a great example of the anti-conspiracy mind. The mind that has bought into the idea that almost all conspiracy theories are crazy, and that that almost all conspiracy facts are benign. It's a preconceived notion, based on more preconceived notions, which leads you to a delusion.
9/11 Documentary Question
America&amp;amp;#x27;s sweeping tide of diversity
Remembering 9/11 and the criminal neocons who engineered it to destroy evidence of deep state criminality and the theft of trillions of dollars
It is sad day
What caused the cars at the base of WTC7 to be completely incinerated like this, before the building collapsed?
What some Mexican construction worker told me about 9/11/2001.
A social video: I wanted to save the world but something went wrong
Rare books on various historical topics in the University of Southern Denmark’s library contain large concentrations of poisonous arsenic on their covers.
Teachers tell me to not even question 9/11
I need your help!
It’s all a coincidence I swear
Jesuitworldorder Subreddit--community thread--all posts welcome
Interesting youtube search
We know what really happened on 9-11: Art project by Gelitin, at the WTC in 2000. I highly reccomend you see this if you haven't heard of this.
I WANTED TO SAVE THE WORLD BUT SOMETHING WENT WRONG
Never forget... that in 1975, a fire consumed 6 floors of the WTC North Tower and burned for 3 hours.
The Antonio brown saga is a distraction from discussing 9/11
911 Suspects - Dov Zakheim
Is the general public already forgetting about all that surrounds Epstein just a few weeks after his apparent "suicide"?
How To Manifest Anything You Want In 24hrs
The infamous “Harley Guy” from 9/11 who gave the interview referring to the scene as ground zero and theorizing the buildings collapsed due to structural damage from the intense heat of the fire talking about that day 9 years later.
Molten steel at the WTC buildings
Unseen 9/11 photos bought at house clearance sale
Trump administration plans to ban flavored e-cigarettes after 6 deaths in the last couple months. Let's not forget regular cigarettes are responsible for nearly 1,300 deaths every single day.
9/11 passengers (newbie)
T. Boone Pickens Dies @ 91 on 9/11/19 GTFO Welcome to Clown World
Top Ten Abuses of Power Since 9/11, an article depicting the decline of our privacy and the rise of a surveillance state since the day of the terrorist attack.
2 weeks before the 9/11 attacks, a family in Sarasota, FL abandoned their home and left the USA. Turns out the hijackers trained to fly close by and even visited the family’s house. The family also has ties to Saudi Royals.
9/11 Anniversary
Im gonna tear this upside down world completely upside down. I do not fight with weapons made by the hands of men, I fight with Peace, Truth, the Way, The Life and Love... By The Hand of God. Come with Me.
Any channels on YouTube that have videos for 9/11 conspiracies? Or any videos that are still up?
JFK Speech - "Opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings." 04/27/61
Some of the Many Things Most Americans Never Heard About 9/11
The airplane engine found on the street.
Top 10 Fascinating Facts About Being Drunk
YouToob censors search suggestions for "pamela...". Trying to minimize the damage from Pamela Anderson's appearance on The View?
Trump's obsession with media, deep state, and loyalty of Jews
Pizzagate and 9/11 Rant
1996 Movie Predicts CIA False Flag of World Trade Center
The YouTube channel LAHWF with over 2 million subscribers is set to have an interview with a "virtuous" Pedophile
On June 1st 2001, Dick Cheney Ordered Donald Rumsfeld to Turn Over Control of NORAD Itself, and the Procedure to Shoot Down Hijacked Aircraft Over to him, and Away From the Military.
Meet Scott DeCarlo, country music star and the cop who detained the "Dancing Israelis"
TIL that The Lone Gunmen's pilot episode (aired March 4, 2001) predicted a government plot to fly a plane into the World Trade Center making it appear as a terrorist plot in order to justify more defense spending.
🔴 LIVE: Never Forget September 11, 2001
A Saudi Arabian family in Sarasota, FL abandoned their house 2 weeks before the 9/11 attacks. Turns out the hijackers trained close by and even visited the house. The family also has ties to the Saudi Royal family.
MK ultra anyone?
Why hasn't George Pell been murdered yet?
Who paid for the reconstruction of the WTC towers?
Anybody Ever Get This Full-Body Jolt Or Shock Sensation?
Building 7 was Emptied of Tenants in Advance of 9/11
Never Forget: New York Times declared that those who questioned 9/11 were “an angry minority, based on the NIST report
10 Minutes of Cartoons Foreshadowing the 9/11 Attacks Beforehand.
A 1994 Iron Man Episode Shows Planes Flying Into The Pentagon and The World Trade Center Attacked in the Same Episode!
Sheer coincidence?
Don't Forget the Israeli "Art Students" (Mossad) Had an Art Installation in the Twin Towers Just Ahead of 9/11. Pictures Show Boxes of Fuses
Has there ever been any in-depth research on the spouses of the passengers of the 9/11 planes?
Remembering William Cooper (RIP), the man who predicted and warned us of the 9/11 false flag attack.
911 = 93. 11 in binary is 3. Similar to how Sept means 7 and is the 9th month 7-11/9-11. 93 is thelema. 93 is pizza in Enochian.
A NIST whistleblower who worked in the Mathematical and Computational Sciences Division speaks out on 9/11 and NIST's fraudulent Building 7 report.
Attention all veterans and active service personnel. I have a question concerning the government 9-11 story. Would you please respond?
Music video by Air with a plane flying by the Twin Towers @0:56. This was in 1996.
FOIA documents essentially confirm the coup discussions about wearing a wire when speaking with President Trump and plans to remove him under the 25th Amendment
Knight of Malta, Nazi turned CIA agent Reinhard Gehlen admits in his memoirs that the only reason the United States allowed Fidel Castro to come to power in Cuba was because of his Jesuit Schooling!
How they could EASILY Rig the WTC Towers for Demolition
9 11 Never Forget
Did your high school also instruct staff not to show the news to students on 9/11?
During the lil Wayne &amp; blink 182 concert, this shows up on the side screens and said a few words. Why? You tell me...
The New Pearl Harbor ~ Full Documentary 9/11
Satellite Photo Shows 9/11 Was Demolition
911
Bolton and the bribe for Iran’s tanker.
Donald Trump on 9/11 bragging about how his building is now the tallest in Downtown Manhattan
Why does the Left refuse to take responsibility ? That picture alone is disgusting and disturbing. The Left is outraged at Trump for trying to FIX the problem that California Democrats created.
Hamburger Hill - Paint It Black - Vietnam Combat Footage
Towers brought down with Aluminium?
fbi.gov has an interesting disclaimer before their 9/11 photo archive. Actually it's specifically NOT their archive. They officially do not posses these pictures making them unusable in any future investigation!!
Trump Smartphone Monitoring Plan: Could Posting The Wrong On This Sun Put You On The List?
On 9/11, I'd like to remind you that Saudis ruler MBS was a frequent companion to epstein. Trump also helped MBS gain power and be the ruler. Trump went to Saudi to sword dance. Trump also frequented epsteins NY mansion. Saudi attacked us and trump props their pedo ruler up.
Two Passports of Hijackers on Flight 93 Were Found In the Debris Field Intact, Despite "The Plane Crashing at More Than 500 mph, With a Ferocity That Disintegrated Metal, Bone and Flesh."
Do you think 9/11 was staged?Why?
Jacob Rothschild's Mental Health in Decline. Order of Seclorum.
The same world-record holding company that cleaned up/disturbed a crime scene at the WTC after 9/11 was the same company who cleaned up the Oklahoma City Bombing. The name? "Controlled Demolition, Inc."
Listen at 1:36
After ADL donation, r/PewDiePieSubmissions bans users &amp; removes posts/comments en masse
Operation Aphrodite WW2 remote controlled airplanes used as bombs that killed a Kennedy
Vaping ban
What hit the pentagon?
Osama 9/11
Remember that time in 1945 when a B-25 bomber crash into the side of the Empire State Building? (No wings cut-out!)
In what ways do you think cryptocurrencies could be used by the elites for evil?
911 Truth: Barbara Olson Thread
Daily reminder: Hong Kong is a free-for-all killing pen. Once the Blackwater Mercenaries and CIA death squads kick in, there is NO WAY to stop them.
George Soros: Devalued the British pound making 1 Billion in the process and accused by many politicians as thr man behind 'Flooding countries with migrants'
Big tobacco companies loosing profit. A new bill to combat vaping in the works. Coincidence?
"SEPTEMBER CLUES" - research doc exposes fake imagery shown on TV (linked to highlighted time)
What is the current thinking on the "plane" that hit the Pentagon?
What if Godzilla was Sent from Gibson Island to Destroy the World Trade Center? - Why the WTC buildings probably needed to be pre-wired for demolition when they were being constructed.
Did you know?
CGI planes. Tower overlaps airplane's wing. Let 2019 be the final year this conspiracy remains in the dark!
MUSLIMS? U SURE?
I see everyone always pushing an argument for why 911 was a false flag, but almost no one goes past that point to its logical conclusion.
Journalist and Filmmaker John Pilger on 9/11
For the undying 9/11 MORONIC JET FUEL ARGUMENT
9/11 - Who was the mysterious "engineer" who predicted that WTC 7 would collapse "in about five or six hours"?
Altered video/audio of 9/11 attacks nowhere to be found
9/11 Anniversary
TIL about the Israeli “art students” who were scoping out federal buildings in teams in the months prior to 9/11.
According to the JFK Files Hitler Summered Here until at least 1965 lol - New Find In Antarctica
Does all this vaping hype sound like bullshit to you?
Bin Laden family evacuated from the USA following the attack on 9/11/01.
Day(s) after pewdiepie donates 50k to ADL he’s 2nd on trending in USA
SEP 10, 2019: US drops 40 TONS of bombs on "Q-Anus Island" in Iraq. (not joking)
The fire was contained.
The theme today (9/11) for Google. A very small American flag and black bow. I remember a full screen of rainbow theme for pride month. This, to me, shows how little Google cares about the American people and the lives lost 18 years ago.
Fort Knox Has Nothing
Middle East Combat Footage - The Prodigy - old war vid
5 dancing Israelis on 9/11/01
NEW Discovery In Ancient Antarctica's Luz Range of the Thalmann Mountains
22nd, 23rd ,24th and 25th floor were demolished before any plane hit. (as seen on peter jeninings show)
Did people actually die in the 911 WTC Demolitions?
I will never forget...
WTC 7 was a classic demolition.
Owen Benjamin recaps 911 *live*
This is harley davidson shirt guy...i found him from opie and anthony
The 9/11 Commission Report is still held up as the final word on the events. But there's one problem: Six out of the 10 commissioners have admitted that the commission was misled, stymied, hampered by conflicts of interest, and, ultimately, forced to participate in a politically-motivated cover-up.
WTC 7 - Side by Side Comparison to Controlled Demolition
Does anyone find John Bolton’s firing oddly timely?
Reminder we have never, and never will, see video of an airplane hitting the Pentagon.
Nazis and White Supremacists, if you're proud of what you believe in how about we hear it.
The Jew Call by Al Franken, in his own words
[Meta] The conspiracy community needs to attack. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
Guys we have to pass this video/image around everywhere. 970k on this forum can do alot!
The British army created a special force of Facebook shills, skilled in psychological operations and use of social media to engage in unconventional warfare in the information age.
Legalized Murder Fetish- New Sexual Fetish; Couples Getting Pregnant and Having Multiple Abortions
Former Dupont employees, residents and lawyers took on the chemical giant to expose the danger of the chemical C8, found in Teflon and countless household products from stain and water resistant apparel to microwave popcorn bags to dental floss.
Language and traditions as identity. The corruption of semiotics by the elites. Propaganda, memes, identity politics and political correctness.
The US flew nearly 40 billion in shrink-wrapped $100 bills into Iraq, then distributed the cash with no proper control over who was receiving it and how it was being spent. No one ended up in jail for this.
Guys, we HAVE to take advantage of the information we have available to us today! Otherwise...
Guys, today we all HAVE to take advantage of today! Otherwise...
Why the sudden push to ban Vaping?
Assassination of Harambe (2016 colorized)
r/Conspiracy has stopped loading topic expansion buttons. The rest of Reddit's topic expansion toggle images load and function in my devices.
Hmmm. They still don't even know what's caused the illnesses.
Disclosure has already occurred. 1950s U.S UFO Flap - Colonel William T. Coleman and Colonel Robert Friend - Project Blue Book Cover-Up (proof of the claims in the comments)
Serbian massacre in Racak
Terrorists Attack US Embassy in Afghanistan to Celebrate 9/11 Anniversary
The FBI Identified The Perpetrators of 9/11 After Finding One of Their Passports in the Debris. #NeverForget
Seems like Big Tobacco finally had enough..
Guys we have to pass this around everywhere. 800k on this forum can do alot!
Trump calls on FDA to ban all flavored vapes
Don’t forget the buried stories
This is the the guy everyone thinks is a crisis actor from 9/11..harley davidson shirt guy
Hong Kong stock exchange to buy London stock exchange
Photos from Plane Crash in Toledo, Ohio This Morning Show Something Interesting...
Saudi had NO ROLE in 9/11. Zero. ***Our IC *** claims rich Saudis funded the suicide hijackers. I promise you, there were NO hijackers. Muslims had ZERO involvment and I will prove it..
The Bahamas, Abaca Island, Beijing, HAARP weather machine connection
David Ike on 9/11 attacks
As 911 in the media stood for the false flag on 11-9-2001, the number 38 stands for an upcoming false flag in London. Watch this video and tell me what you think. The more minds, the better.
Underwater Mile Long City Discovered by the California Slide (I Call It) Has Been Named
Open letter
Today is war propaganda day. Get out there and make a difference.
How the CIA, Mossad and “the Epstein Network” are Exploiting Mass Shootings to Create an Orwellian Nightmare, by Whitney Webb
[Corbett Report] Excellent new 9/11 series - 9/11 Whistleblowers - The 9/11 Commissioners
Dr. Judy Wood BS MS PhD presentation on Her book "Where Did the Towers Go?". Please watch and if you disagree with Her please share why. RIP to all the victims past and present.
Study finds fame-seeking mass shooters tend to receive more media attention
Dancing Israelis as the Twin Towers Burned, source verification
Julian Assange Full Data Dump When Arrested Found Here - #WikiLeaks #FreeAssange #JulianAssange
Daily reminder that Al Franken said he received "the jew call" on 9/11, telling him, along with other jews, to stay home for the day.
University Study Finds Fire Did Not Cause 3rd Tower's Collapse on 9/11
Craziest conspiracy of all time?
We Should Re-Think Human Cannibalism for Climate Change, says Newsweek
300,000 Children In U.S. Sex Industry
Never Forget 9-11 was an Inside Job
9/11 Mega-Post
So what’s going on with 9/11
Looking for a 9/11 video
Is Gillette causing a shortage of shaving foam?
Never forget WTC 7 either, a third building which was not hit by a plane and came down in a controlled demolition. George Bush’s brother removed all the bomb sniffing dogs from the buildings just days before, he handled security! Explosion &amp; bomb residue were also found in the dust from 9/11
Remember, no planes were used on 9/11.
New York Area Fire Commissioners Demand New 9/11 Investigation
Russia Today Claims Putin personally warned Bush about the attacks 2 days before
NSA tripcode leads to Google books results
The who, what, and why of 9/11. You may even be supporting those behind it and not know it.
9/11 Predictive Programming (Compilation Of Cartoons &amp; Movies With 9/11 Subliminals)
David Icke - 9/11 - THE TRIGGER: The Lie That Changed The World - Who Really Did It And Why
Looking for a CIA inquiry from the 70s (?)
looking for video of black man talking about what it was like being rescued from WTC7. He goes on to describe how the lobby and stairwells were destroyed by explosives. I can't find the video anymore.
Tbco companies funding anti va,pe propaganda to ruin public opinion
Is this an old work camp? Ancient Arctic-New City Discovered Has Been Named
The Sun "debunked" some of the 9/11 inside jobs theories. What are your thoughts about that?
UFO? Ancient Antarctica-NEW Dome-Shaped Building DISCOVERED
Ancient Antarctica-NEW Dome-Shaped Building DISCOVERED
Civil Engineering Dept at the University of Alaska Fairbanks has concluded fire did not bring down WTC7. The 4-year, $300,000 finite element analysis of the 3rd tower collapse on 9/11 has exposed the official NIST report as fraudulent. UAF is releasing all data to the public for peer-review
who's old enough to remembers Roy Shivers?
Adolf Hitler "Always remember 9/11" - Ronald Reagan "9/11 is sacred" - Americans today "Never forget 9/11" : What's the Connection???
What is everyone thoughts on 911 and the conspiracy?
Billionaire behind Victoria’s Secret ’embarrassed’ by Epstein ties
Was there a plane that hit the Pentagon on 9/11?
Never forget - Norman Mineta's testimony that day implicates Dick Cheney in 9/11. Strangely, the testimony was also scrubbed from the 9/11 Ommission's website because of "technical issues".
Michael Flynn: Defense alleges DOJ cover-up in Russia investigation
Eagle Springs Training Center
What if tose captcha picture tests are just a way to train AI to recognize objects.
If we are to right this ship, we HAVE to keep these facts in the foreground and keep telling them we KNOW you're lying! How many politicians still around from then? A lot!
Fukushima: Japan will have to dump radioactive water into Pacific, minister says
9 11 conspiracy @life.is.a.crazy.trip
9/11: AN INFINITE DREAM (+3 hour long documentary full of evidence)
Green Pill on 9/11
What are the most common conspiracies surrounding the 9/11 terror attacks? (The Sun debunked some of it)
When facing a threat, it is the duty of the Secret Service to secure their ward -- a mission they faithfully executed with Vice President Dick Cheney on the morning of 9/11. As for President George Bush? Well...
Never forget Robert Mueller got hired as the director of the FBI one week before 9/11 to help cover for the deep state
The actual people caught celebrating 9/11! Urban Moving Systems
Did it become impossible for terrorists to use planes in their attacks?
He made way too much money from this tragedy for all of this to be just a coincidence
Never forget...
Attempts to discredit the sub will be higher than ever today.
What were Dragons? An answer you wouldn't expect
RIP MAN
Ancient Antarctica New Discovery--Underwater Pyramid?
Does anyone else find Rachel Nevada to be suspicious?
Human history is a scam?
A local shop sells Kebap for 1 Cent at 9/11 coincidence?
9/11 Whistleblowers - THE 9/11 COMMISSIONERS (corbettreport.com)
Never Forget
So glad to even join a community like this.
Hit me with your best alien conspiracies!
What interests me most about 9/11
John Bolton's Dismissal - Craig Murray, former UK ambassador, torture whistleblower, associate of Julian Assange
Underwater Cape Town Discovery - 1.79 mile Long Megalithic Stairs or Building
NEW DISCOVERY-Ancient Antarctica Base/Hollow Earth Entrance Algae-like Lake 2 Miles From Entrance
The Most Disturbing Thing About 9/11
Watch Live: Exposing The Dishonorable Lies Of 9/11
Watergate and 9/11
The Truth About WTC 7 - what do you think?
9/11: An Occult Ritual
I get the feeling there is more to this story
How the UK Security Services neutralised The Guardian newspaper.
RANT. Visited the World Trade Center memorial and museum with my family.
NEW Discovery -Mystery Object Has Been Found In Antarctica-An Ancient 1/2 Mile Structure
Security cameras near the crash site just happened to be out of use when the Pentagon was hit on 9/11, due to renovation work
Judge Orders Release of Records That Might Tie Saudi Royals to 9/11
9/11 Whistleblowers: The 9/11 Commissioners (Corbett Report)
'September 11 - The New Pearl Harbor' (2013) "12 years of public debate on 9/11." [4:53:42]
9/11 War Games
The Zodiac Killer - Pt. 1 - NEW Border and Map Fold Clues - 'Any which way exit out ' 'Park Ranger'
Long hidden 9/11 Commission interview with Saudi Prince Bandar released; Intel chief Prince Turki’s withheld
CNN's latest Russiagate conspiracy theory debunked: After the Mueller report fiasco, one would think the media who don’t like Trump would be more careful with their reporting. But they just keep at it.
PDF Book: 9/11 As Mass Ritual - S. K. Bain
Just a reminder that we are all being lied to
Obama and Brennan Burned a Very Useful Spy and Now CNN Outs Him: A sensational CNN story claimed yesterday that Trump caused the extraction of a U.S. spy from Moscow. The story was false but had the effect of outing the spy and where he now lives.
9/11: A Conspiracy Theory
I think everyone needs to see this. Especially in the memory of those who died 18 years ago. Best to start at 4:30
Pre 9/11 Movie - Operation Delta Force 5: Objective Ben Laden - Movie intro has suicidal airplane pilot run into train carrying Senator, twins, and two extremely tall men. Later in the film you are asked to take a closer look at a group of lights on a bomb in the shape of a Pentagon.
Any secret society opposed to Illuminati?
9/11: AN OCCULT RITUAL
World War 1 - Death - Destruction - Rare Footage
It was all a satanic ritual in the classroom that day.
Breaking: Government releases new computer simulation showing that the Building 7 collapse was totally normal.
First Responders Urge Congress to Reopen 9/11 Investigation — Sept. 11, 2019 News Conference
Protests Over California Vaccine Bill Block Capitol Ahead Of Governor's Signing
Those Who Died re: 9/11 Lives are Worth No More or Less Than W.'s (and all else) and W. is out Playing Golf With O.J. Simpson Today (or someone worse) Because Human Beings are ALL Selfish Cowards
Glamorizing Cardi B drugging and robbing her clients
This vaccine can cause autism and SIDS. (Proof)
America considers monitoring smartphones of people with mental health problems
*LIVE* 9/11 first responders having a press conference right now to urge congress to reopen the 9/11 investigation.
Britney Spears dad steps down as conservator after health problems, her psychiatrist died suddenly recently and there aren't many headlines on it because it's a busy news day.
Where were you on the day of 9/11 attacks ?
9/11 first responders having a press conference right now to urge congress to reopen the 9/11 investigation.
9/11: A Conspiracy Theory
Healthy people 2020
Illegal Alien: Covenant
9/11: Conspiracy Theories &amp; The Unanswered Questions | Documentary
Who did 9/11? Israel. It was Israel.
The more a sitting POTUS (regardless or party) "jokes" about this, the more we need to start taking it seriously. This is not normal.
Happy American Coup day everyone!!!
Mysterious suspect for possible involvement in 9/11 attacks missed and forgotten
r/Ireland moves to ban posts about outspoken Irish conspiracy theorist, Gemma O'Doherty.
Never Forget
Friendly reminder that by this time in 2001 George W Bush had already been planning to invade Iraq for months.
Secret Base? Blacked Out Russian Island On GoogleEarth - #Lomachenko #Usyk Train Here? #Tartaria?
Immediately after the towers fell there was a man there who knew the exact narrative that would play out in the days and months to follow. Curiously there is also a man who looks like a handler in a suit lingering nearby.
Never forget that it was the first responders and the families of victims that asked questions first, and they are the ones who are owed answers first. We're just here to keep the spirits of those lost alive and give them a voice since theirs was taken...no matter what you believe happened
The CIA's Secret Quest For Mind Control: Torture, LSD And A 'Poisoner In Chief': "In the early 1950s, Sidney Gottlieb, 'the unwitting godfather of the entire LSD counterculture', arranged for the CIA to pay $240,000 to buy the world's entire supply of LSD."
Right now on Pewdipie comments
9/11 conspiracy believers I have questions for you.
Being that today is 9/11, why doesn’t everyone post their ‘favorite’ false-flag operations in the comments.
Bronson - Real Fight and Riot Footage - "They were all my friends and they died."
Israeli Connections to 9/11
“Who blew up the World Trade Center? It wasn’t the Iraqis, it was Saudi — take a look at Saudi Arabia, open the documents.”
In 2001, Osama Bin Laden wrote that he was not responsible for the 9/11 attacks
University Study Finds that WTC Building 7 Did NOT Collapse from a Fire
One of the biggest WTFs of 9/11 was John O'neal. Dude led the task force Able Danger in charge of hunting down Osama bin laden aka Tim Osman. When he was stonewalled from doing his job correctly he RESIGNED--guess how he died?
9/11 babies - the rabbit hole..
Questioning Popular Mechanics "Debunking the Myths About the 9/11 Attack on the Pentagon"
Fruit for thought on today's historical events
Don't make them like they used to
In 1995 Bibi Netanyahu warned of "militant islam" bombing the World Trade Centers
The questions we are not allowed to ask about today.
(HELP) COMMUNITY 911 FACT LIST. For those who are uneducated or hazy on the subject of 911. Only provide proven inaccuracies, observations, and/or inconsistencies in the comments. Link media coverage and any documents you can. No speculation without supporting evidence.
Human trafficking
Reminder: The alleged "Assad gas attacks" have been conclusively demonstrated, via leaked OPCW reports, to have been staged. This is the "No WMDs" of the war on Syria, and a media blackout is hiding the story from the citizens in a blatant effort to prolong a senseless war for corporate profit
On 9/11, WTC 7 was NOT hit by a plane, yet it came down in the same exact way as the other two towers because of office fires? Hmm...
Footage of demolition charges going off in WTC7. How have I not seen this before!?
New Youtube channel dedicated to Alternative History
The very first victim of 9/11 attacks
Best argument against 9/11 conspiracies?
Sigmum Freud, time man
Starting today, a child who wasn’t even born when 9/11 happened can go fight and die in the forever war it caused
[META]Michael Flynn Exonerated By Bombshell DoJ Memo Exposed During Hearing. Gross government misconduct alleged due to withheld evidence.
Aaaannndd looking at the front page of mainstream media around the world no one gives a fuck about 9/11
Taliban willing to hand over Osama bin laden if the USA provides evidence. ( September 2001)
The Collapse Conspiracy And Ode To The Firefighter
$2.3 Trillion missing &amp; 9/11 - How much went missing during Clinton's presidency?
What’s the similarity between the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, WW2-Hitler and 9/11?
A serial killers first major practice kill.
September, 15, 2019: High odds for Human Sacrifice Attacks in Hong Kong
William Cooper 9/11 prediction from 06/28/2001 (R.I.P)
Who were the dancing Israelis?
William Cooper 9/11 prediction from 06/28/2001 (R.I.P)
#NeverForget that many in government were warned not to fly on 911
A new law signed by Gavin Newsom bans schools from suspending disruptive kids, it will “keep kids in school where they belong"
PewDiePie Donates $50,000 to The Anti-Defamation League
UFO sightings?!
Join BEAM_BITONETRADE_HK_BOT, and get 3 BEAM by following some few simple steps!
Lets discuss 9/11
All 9/11s Matter
If vaccines are so important why dont we vaccinate the people of north sentinel island.
πewdieπie getting μπlack μailed by Α d l
Anyone else finding posts like these when you search multiverse stuff? It seems very matrix ish. Notice the Egyptian and old symbols used. Not sure what this means or how to even make a post like this.
Google collects face data now.
This article which has a misleading title and winds into conspiracy
Isn’t the Area 51 raid tomorrow?
Is there a compilation of amateur footage of the planes hitting the towers?
Never Forget 9/11- Building 7
Funny Videos
When trying to remind/inform people that SA helped with 9/11 means you hate muslims.
Never Forget 9/11- Building 7
Robert Crowley(Second In command CIA's covert operations) talks about CIA's role in deaths of Lal Bahadur Shastri(Indian Prime Minister) &amp; Dr. Homi Bhabha(Father of Indian Nuclear Programme)
Surveillance Cameras Will Soon Be Unrecognizable - Time for a public debate.
9/11 controlled demolition a rebuttal
WTF
Project for a New Century (Urban Moving Edit)
The global climate change march distraction
Climtate change march distraction of Area 51 raid
Jesuit theatre in movie Law Abiding Citizen
9/11 Explained in 5 Minutes
Did you know that a single US consular employee stationed in Saudi Arabia issued visas to enter the US to 12 of the 19 hijackers? She has since been promoted by the State Department.
Google Patent US20160259308A1: Smart Homes and Social Control
9/11 loose change changed my life.
Atomars Exchange offers ZERO FEE trading for all coins and all users until 11.11!
US warplanes carpet-bomb an “ISIS infested island” in North Iraq with 40 tons of laser guided explosives on 9/11/2019. WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THIS?
Islamic world takeover
Total Red-Flag Body Language of 9/11 Suspect Philip Zelikow
US warplanes carpet-bomb an “ISIS infested island” was n North Iraq with 40 tons of laser guided explosives on 9/11/2019. WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THIS? Im not even able to link to the story.
Iphone 11
Coincidence?
Trump: Only Explosives Could Have Brought Down the World Trade Towers
New to Reddit, looking for answers about phone surveillance
Total Red-Flag Body Language of Philip Zelikow, Interrogated 9/11 Suspect
Bullshit censorship - Why are posts with just the mention of my country’s name being automatically deleted by bots? I’m the country to the east of Australia.
Erdogan Breaks Silence: Says The US Sent 30,000 Truckloads Of Weapons To Syria
Apple, Snapchat, Instagram farming data for governments?
3D printer | AI Robot | Block chain | Digital MRO | Chatbot Growth Opportunities in Global Industry
This brilliantly done video by James Corbett titled, 9/11: A Conspiracy Theory can not be found on Google or YouTube, even after searching the exact title. I only found it after searching Bing for it. If you only share one video on 9/11, share this one that Google DOES NOT WANT YOU TO FIND!
This is a little old, 2018. —Detective who investigated Epstein died after “brief illness” at age 50.
9/10 never forget
facebook INSTANT auto-ban for 9-11 memes in effect! Get your auto-ban as a badge of honor!
Enrique Iglesias - DUELE EL CORAZON ft. Wisin
Pizza shop in Brooklyn uses pedo symbols in logo. Pizzalovesemily.com
Never forget 9/11 was an occult ritual, it wasn't an accident, and it was planned in secret.
Joe Rogan talks to Rosie O'Donnell about 9/11 WTC 7 Collapse on The Rosie Show (2012)
If 9-11 was an inside job, who are the individuals that conceptualized and carried out the attacks and why?
The worst crisis actor from the 9/11 stage show.
So... the computer was watching me... just happened and I am *freaked out.*
I was only 11 in Queens nyc when the towers were hit..Mrs. Smith had a radio and we listened to local breaking news all we heard were BOMBS BOMBING AT WTC BOMBS BOMBS BOMBS then when we all got home we were like ohhh airplanes. It was all fake news; rant ahead 👽
Natasha Jaitt Discusses Pedophile Network
COMMUNITY 911 FACT LIST. Only comment proven inconsistencies with the story and anything noteworthy if it can be linked.
WSJ: Trump Administration Asks to Delay Release of 9/11-Related Documents (PW? See below)
Vergecurrency (XVG), an open-source privacy coin with a team of international developers
I think this should be here
PewDiePie might be getting Blackmailed by ADL...
Vape Cartridges Tainted?
Has anything come of Oak Island?
The Las Vegas shooting
all Luciferian/occultist secrets reveal...
If we all joined in and each posted a meme, article, video ect or whatever whatever or 2 today, September 11th 2019, we could make a serious impact on the worlds current Mass Awakening.
9/11 truth quality content list
TODAY IN FASCISM: TRUMP DID 9/11 (MUST WATCH DOCUMENTARY 2019)
The epic, definitive 9/11 Truth 3hr documentary: "September 11 - The New Pearl Harbor"
Why do jewish rabbis drink baby's penis blood?
Treason Day - Sep 11 01 Never Forget.
You expect me to believe these two guys dropped da towers?
A particularly unsettling paragraph from my Criminology textbook at uni regarding ticketmaster and facial recognition technology.
Police radio issues tonight - what’s up?
9/11 In A Nutshell - James Corbett
Danish justice system rocked by flawed phone location evidence
Major Discovery- that now confirms the Hulsey WTC7 Study (Southeast progressive collapse)
Enabling Identification and Behavioral Sensing in Homes using Radio Refl...
Looks as though someone has been dabbling with information. Surely google wouldn't be so sloppy! Odd and a first for me to see a futures date on a link.. It was accurate 5 or 6 days ago.
Bronson - Real Fight and Riot Footage - "They were all my friends and they died."
People are still arguing about where the planes are, the strength of steel.. just "Follow The Money" [Documentary]
d e g e n e r a c y by Paul Joseph Watson
d e g e n e r a cy by Paul Joseph Watson
Google's Echo-chamber Exposed
Green Antarctica? - Newly Discovered Ancient Antarctica Grid Pattern Cities? in the Sor Rondanes
Comedian accuses Joe Rogan of covering up sexual-abuse (by his close friend Joey Diaz) backstage at comedy clubs.
Donal Trump is pissing off all of our allies to save them from being targeted in the current hyper-sonic intercontinental nuclear cold war.
9/10 never forget
Jeffrey Epstein: Picture shows Epstein at 2011 "Billionaires Dinner" with Bezos, Musk, Mayer, Brin ETC
Former top FEMA official busted for taking bribes after Hurricane Maria
Final Mugshots of Epstein released by Marshals; Need to be compared to the man being taken to hospital- nose looks like a mismatch and hairline was receding.
Hypnosis wearing off?
Conspiracy Theory: Sept. 11, 2001, 19 Arabs plotted in secret to sneak attack the US by hijacking planes and flying them into buildings.
I think I'm losing my mind and am becoming paranoid: A Theory of the Clintons
ADL is blackmailing Pewdiepie
I have discovered a deeply disturbing Youtube channel filled with videos of a father touching his daughter. None of it is illegal but the implications are worrying. He keeps talking about how much he enjoys rubbing her.
An Active Attempt to Deny Medical Choice is Slavery!
Conspiracy theorists are looking for their own subconcious in the real world.
Was the world's oldest ever person (Jeanne Calment) a fraud?
Report: More than 1600 Polling Places Have Closed Since the Supreme Court Gutted the Voting Rights Act
Nine-Eleven Theories
What if the real conspiracy is that there was never any conspiracies?
9/11
Antonio Brown lawsuit
They Live -- Impossible 9/11 cover up proves it
Take a moment and listen to the Audio of this Voicemail from Brian Sweeney on Flight 175. Does this man sound like he’s in the middle of a Hijacking to you?
Playboy Model Uncovers Elite Pedophile Ring, Found Dead
July 2019 Epstein mugshot found on twitter
Google fulfills lyrics of the band police
I just want to say how eternally grateful I am for this community here, and the fellowship I've had here with all of you.
I just want to say how eternally grateful I am for this community here, and the fellowship I've had here with all of you.
So many unanswered questions...
Anyone else experience or heard of this before. Loud sound in ear. Almost like radio static but super load.
Degeneracy
Jet fuel doesn’t melt steel beams
Huge bitcoin transfer anyone have any thoughts?
Possible Blackmails from ADL to PewDiePie?
The day before American democracy died, lQast sunset 9/10/2001
Pewdiepie recently donated 50k to the ADL- A Jewish supremacist orginization
Meet the Iphone 11
So here’s a few strange coincidences that I’ve found odd over the last few days.
A 17th level proof.
Calling Hollywood out for their pedophilic nature will soon be deemed anti Semitic by the national media
Do You Want To See Perfect Hasbara Job? Look At This Wikipedia Page
The day American democracy died, last sunset 9/10/2001
Researchers asked 252 Australian Greens party supporters and 252 One Nation party supporters to do some simple maths. Their answers changed when we told them it was climate change data.
EXTORTION? PewDiePie Donates $50,000 to the ADL
Over anti-women law after ‘Blue Girl’ dies of self-immolation
People are saying that he is being blackmailed. But the question I don’t see people asking, is what they are using as blackmail. And comments about how ADL is bad are getting deleted.
New Theories
Have any of you heard of Myziam?
Pewdiepie being blackmailed by th4 ADL. His new video "Unboxing 100 MIL YouTube Award!" Is having thousands of comments deleted and hidden. Disgusting. Censorship wont stop the truth.
No taxation without representation.....
The Gods of the Ruling Elite
Have you guys heard of Myziam?
Thanks Comrade... (Anybody else get this text today or ever?)
Here are a few Interesting black and white photos of claimed UFOs for those who don't believe they exist.
The boy who spent his Disney vacation savings to feed Dorian evacuees gets a surprise trip to Disney World
During 911 heads of the CIA, Saudi Intelligence and the most powerful American Jewish security policy group were Georgetown Jesuit operatives. Subsequent tyrannical legislation (Patriot Act) was also architected by a Jesuit professor at Georgetown and middle east invasion was led by Knights of Malta
R/Outoftheloop is censoring critical trump posts. Any post mentioning the illegality of his sharpiegate incident are being removed under false cover of posting rules.
Tomorrow is 9/11's 18th anniversary. When it happened it was the first responders, and the families of victims that began questioning the narrative immediately. Today we have a digital book burning in the form of censorship and removal of online content. But you can do something...
Clown World
I think this video is clearly fake West do you guys think?
NASA's International Space Station is a hoax (why are US tax payers paying for this?)
Probably already asked, plz direct if so
Climate Change and The Smoking Gun: Falsifying Temperature Data
Conspiracy
Movie about a dystopian future where the people are ruled by a fictional A.I. president
More 9/11 whistle blower videos from Corbett Report
Jesuitworldorder subreddit---community thread, all posts welcome
Derrick Broze is breaking down a new report regarding child abuse in Iowa foster homes
Jesuitworldorder subreddit---all posts related posts
Former top FEMA officials arrested on fraud charges in Puerto Rico - CBS News
Ben Swann on a conspiracy podcast
Another Reminder for 9/10: $2.3 Trillion Has Grown to $21 Trillion That the Pentagon Cannot Account For To Date
Seth MacFarlane and the 9/11 link. In this episode Brian has the line ‘I like Hillary Clinton; I don’t care what anyone says’ This was aired June 2000. He ‘missed’ a flight on 9/11.
YouTuber Pewdiepie Donates $50K to ADL. Comments Critical of ADL are Being Purged
Recent history (post 1940s) aside, why are Jews nearly universally hated world wide?
Mueller Helped Saudis Cover Up Involvement In 9/11 Attacks: Lawsuit
B'Nai B'rith and the ADL are terrorist organizations
Rock and Roll born out of Laurel Canyon
9/11 Truth Made Simple Enough For Your Grandma to Understand
What happened to American Brian Claflin? in 2014 Claflin was about to "tell all" about Hollywood sexual abuse but he was hit by a train before he could do so. It was ruled a suicide.
Could the government be supplying the shady thickening agents that are used in blackmarket THC cartridges?
On the eve of its 18th anniversary I think it’s important to remember “Lucky Larry” Silverstein. He bought 3.5 billion in terrorist insurance just 2 months before the 9/11 attacks occurred. He also happened to be out sick from work that day.
"Do Michael Jackson and Steven Spielberg share similar opinions about the sexuality of young boys?" Alleged article by "Back to the Future" actor Crispin Glover
Remember Building 7: A 10th Anniversary Ad campaign was launched in 2011 to educate people about the fraudulent official story of WTC 7’s destruction. It's increasingly disappearing online, i recreated what i could from the original ad as a gif It's now the 20th Anniversary, and nothings changed..
Inb4 This Sub Gets Flooded Tomorrow (Reminder to Upvote Consciously)
Both heads of 9/11 Joint Inquiry investigation (Porter Goss &amp; Bob Graham) were having breakfast with the Pakistani ISI Director Mahmud Ahmed (who funneled $100k to 9/11 hijacker Mohammad Atta) talking about Osama Bin Laden while the terrorist attacks happened on 9/11.
9-11 Hijackers Passports were issued by the CIA - US Consulate Whistleblower Michael Springmann
Epstein detective died last year after what is only described as a 'brief illness.'
Global warming and the Unabomber?
Seems rather convenient, I wonder what he knew.
Ben Swain reviews the new report out of Alaska;
Mohammed Prophet of Islam 2/2 By Manly P. Hall
Tomorrow is 9/11. I want to share a good, short, red pill video on Instagram to help generate some water cooler discussion tomorrow. #911truth
Edgar Prince was one of the richest men in Michigan that died in an elevator collapse in 1995. A year later his company was sold for $1.3B. His son, Erik Prince later founded Blackwater, the biggest military contractor. His daughter Besty Devos, is our current unqualified Secretary of Education.
Parkland dad uncovers how district enabled deranged student-turned-shooter
Bolton Fired, Iran war less likely, Historically massive bitcoin transaction all with 24 hours of each other.
A weird radar shape flashed across the Evansville, Indiana weather map. It wasn't rain.
CNN: “Trump has plowed through a number of national security professionals”. Lol! CNN says this like it’s a bad thing. Trump brings the chaos the ruling class deserves!
The Sun was made in China to further climate change and deplete the ozone
Thought you lot might like this one!
Spoiled Brat Meghan McCain Schooled By Pamela Anderson On The View
Two stupid conspiracies. Well not so stupid, but check it out.
Someone is editing wiki to make attempts at proving Nazi's Are far right, when really National Socialism is far left
'One America News' Claims Defamation In $10 Million Lawsuit Against Rachel Maddow
Someone is editing wiki to make attempts at proving Nazi's wre far right, when really National Socialism is far left
Someone is editing wiki to make attempts at proving Nazi's are far right, when really National Socialism is far left.
I have two stupid conspiracy’s for you guys.
Grand Conspiracism
Citizens of California. When will you rise up against this corruption?
Destroying the Flat earth discourse through discord [OC]
Brad Pitt with Freemason Ring?
Just a Reminder, Make Sure You Put Your Cellphone in Airplane Mode When You Go To Sleep At Night
Anyone know if this is true? Old (certain) 10,000 bills had "hail satan" hidden on certain in circulation notes? Not all notes though, making them even more valuable if true? Figured a decent new topic to check into. I couldn't find much but snopes denying it...obviously.
Were we never supposed to know about the Camp David meet with leaders of the Taliban?
Another Conspiracy proves to be True. The CIA's Secret Quest For Mind Control: Torture, LSD And A 'Poisoner In Chief'
Weather Warfare (Part II): What is the #GoldenRay? Was Hurricane Dorian directed/diffused by Weather Mod? Big rescue day of "Golden Ray" crew which isn't the name of the boat at all, it's actually the "MV Ocean Ray"... So what IS the "Golden Ray"?!?
FBI: "Epstein Did Not Die in His Prison Cell" (more evidence that Epstein is still alive)
I'm happy that John Bolten got fired, he was clearly doing Israel's dirty work. But honestly, Mike Pompeo scares me more. We got to get rid of that dude. That guy is heavily affiliated with the deep state.
I'm happy that John Bolten, he was doing Israel's duty work. But honestly, Mike Pompeo scares me more. We got to get rid of that dude.
The government really is filled with lizard people
Forced installation of IoT connected cameras, locks, thermostats
Losing hope.
9/11 footage with explosions coming from tower
Bill Clinton Flew On Epstein's Plane w/ An Underage Model Who Worked For Jean-Luc Brunel
9/10 never forget
Journalism in 2019: Social Media; "Sources Say;" Speed over Accuracy
Disappearing act
Is the firing of John Bolton a, "splinter the C.I.A. in a thousand pieces and scatter it to the winds" type situation?
Guy invited to test new society control models for SECRET GOVERNMENT has pieced together why we haven't got far into space yet, why technology and science students are failing and those at the top are not powerless but clueless how to help us out of poverty.
Macaulay Culkin opens up about the satanic pedophile rings in hollywood
Is Vape Disease really Big Tobacco?
If you had to make a prediction for the future regarding conspiracy what would it be?
The israelites called saturn yaweh. SATANISM CONFIRMED ...
Epstein Did Not Die in His Prison Cell: FEDS
New Study Finds Strong Link Between Round UP (Glyphosate) &amp; Human Liver Disease
The climate new world order - the end of state sovereignty
Trump Fires Yosemite Sam (pos John Bolton). Rejoice! Maybe we're not all going to die.
Theory, russians did interfere with USA elections but those in power can't tell how they really do it, because they will reveal how THEY can manipulate the elections. So we are left with this "memes and twitter" laughable argument, while the real way to stole the people votes will remain hidden
New Evidence, WTC 7: who would you trust as attorney general appointed by Which presidential candidate to begin a real investigation?
NY Times tweet praises Mao Zedong... quickly deleted
The problem with our current social attitude
Alex Jones &amp; Jeffrey Epstein
Bill Gates met with Jeffrey Epstein to connect with rich people
[Serious] Numerologists, can you please alert us to dates in the future that would most likely be used for Psy-Op/False Flag events?
Sharpiegate, Taliban invitation to Camp David, and Bolton Firing have been the perfect Left Hand 1-2-3 Combo. Meanwhile, the Right Hand has been sealing the lid on the Epstein Conversation.
Do you think there's a conspiracy around cops touching Fentanyl and reportedly ODing?
I'm convinced well see a major terrorist attack tomorrow on 9/11 anniversary here in the US. Anyone else concerned?
SOMETHING NEW ABOUT CICADA 3301
Report: Wilbur Ross (Rothschild Crony) Threatened To Fire NOAA Employees Who Contradicted Dorian/Alabama/SharpieGate - The Trump - Bear Stearns - Epstein - Rothschild Connection
Netanyahu Announces Massive Territory Expansion For Israel Within Hours Of National Security Advisor John Bolten Getting Fired
Facebook using facial recognition to target ads?
This is a screen shot from Page 125 of Benjamin Netanyahu’s 1995 book “Fighting Terrorism.” Notice that he PREDICTS a nuclear bomb will be placed in the World Trade Center. Also note his fear-mongering about IRAN having nukes, and this was 24 years ago.
9/11 - Help me connect the dots!
Newly Released Pictures: Jeffrey Epstein's NYC house staff poses with Bill Clinton, Prince Andrew, Fergie, Hilary Swank, Petra Nemcova, Chris Tucker and more (Daily Mail September 10th)
The 1% are planning to use the homeless populations in major US cities as biological weapons.
911 flight attendant - it's a frame
The U.S. Military’s PR killed Area 51 memes
New Evidence: WTC 7
With the recent talks of cannibalism to fight climate change
Ok is it just me or was Bolton fired right after BIB announced territorial annexations?
NEW EVIDENCE: WTC 7
[Corbett Report] Excellent new 9/11 series - 9/11 Whistleblowers - William Rodriguez
Bronson - Real Fight and Riot Footage
You can hear and see the explosion in this one!
Trump fires John Bolton as national security adviser, saying he ‘disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions’
Netanyahu vows to annex West Bank's Jordan Valley after Israeli election
US weighs releasing name sought in Saudi 9/11 suit
Youtube are paid to remove high quality content and promote low quality content
This is perfectly normal.
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld's suspicious failure to do anything to protect America while it was under attack on 9/11
The Next 9/11: A Massive Cyber False-Flag
Mick West Metabunk Exposed video.
Genetic determinism is the reason normies don't change/care
Breaking Mick West exposed as a "liar and a fraud.
Jamal Khashoggi's assassins called him "an animal to be sacrificed": Full transcript from secret recording of Washington Post journalist's final moments and murder inside consulate is revealed.
Does anyone here still believe those 19 Arab guys did 9/11?
JFK Speech - "Opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings." 04/27/61
Breaking: Mike West exposed as a fraud.
Japan will have to dump radioactive Fukushima water into Pacific, minister says
Conservatives Should Watch More Television
Green Antarctica? - Newly Discovered Ancient Antarctica Grid Pattern Cities? in the Sor Rondanes
Blood Test Could Help Identify Troops Suffering From PTSD. Army-sponsored research promises to show if soldiers are likely to experience lasting effects from trauma -- but it would never be used to identify those susceptible for mind control
NXIVM had Chuck Schumer's bank records. Now we find out he was taking money from child sex trafficking mogul Jeffrey Epstein. Makes sense why a guy running an international elite pedophile child dealership would want Senators and Representatives on his payroll.
Abolish Male Circumcision (Genital Mutilation)
State AGs Unveil Sweeping Anti-Trust Probe Against Google on Steps of the Supreme Court: They aim to hold Alphabet accountable for the extreme concentration in the US technology industry.
Israel's troll army promotes new Netflix series starring Sacha Baron Cohen and takes aim at HBO's 'Our Boys'
nice rabbit hole site to view,hit the home button.
Pam Anderson, Meghan McCain, and War Crimes: This is the neocon creed embraced by McCain—the United States is the indispensable and exceptional nation, thus international treaties on war crimes and crimes against humanity are null and void, especially when dealing with Israel’s enemies.
Please drink verification can.
Americans Deserve Their Day in Court About NSA Mass Surveillance Programs: Stopping the modern-day version of the tyranny that the founders of the US fought against is tremendously important
Why do governments try to shut down the rave/free party scene?
Super obvious back door into your privacy under the guise of "convenience"
'Explosive Testimony: Revelations about the Twin Towers in the 9/11 Oral Histories'--classic 2006 article by David Ray Griffin
Things that make you go “Hmmmm 🤔”
Anyone remember how quickly this was never talked about again?
The Real reason for the Gulf War (Conspiracy) conflict between Christians and Muslims is plan of the global Elite
Cover up then rewrite history...
Investigation Uncovers Mass Purging Of Phoenix Police Department Misconduct Records
Not that many msm articles, blogs, posts etc on the wiki-Snowden revelations on the surveillance state or meta data collection.
Our Shit’s All Fucked Up, Literally
Rap lyrics wouldn't be tolerated in any other genre of music. Imagine if most male country singers started singing about selling meth to buy fancy pick up trucks. People would be outraged.
Epstein's former bodyguard
Is Walmart Working With The Govt To Distribute Everything When The SHTF?
Power mod enforces strictest censorship rules in Reddits biggest anti-censorship sub r/WatchRedditDie after former mod account u/spez-forgot-swartz gets deleted.
Space vehicle propelled by the pressure of inflationary vacuum state patent/US10144532B2
Question Regarding Perdue/Johnson &amp; Johnson Opioid Lawsuits
Gangsta rap was/is a ploy to negatively effect black culture created by the democrats.
Pennywise Is Surprisingly Anti-Queer in ‘It Chapter Two’
As billions flow to farmers, Trump administration faces internal concerns over unprecedented bailout. I wonder where these "concerns" were when we handed trillions to the oligarchy with QE.
5G = No Bees No Trees No Kids | Buckle Up Kids
The CIA's Secret Quest For Mind Control: Torture, LSD And A 'Poisoner In Chief' [book review]
This is 9-11 as I saw it in Oklahoma. Tons of debates about conspiracys on this video. This is live footage from 2001
Why have I never seen this before? (Atacama humanoid)
Monkey = banana
As of right now, only 1 out of 11 sites that I checked has an Epstein story on their site's frontpage.
Hey what is this anomaly in the desert?
Uahahahhaaaaaaahahahahhahahaahahahahhahahahahhahahhahahahhahahahhahahah'aaaaaa
Pray for Bahamas
'we have nothing to fear but fear itself.'
Is this proof that NASA stages/fakes the ISS space walks?
Questions Nobody Is Asking About Jeffrey Epstein
Introduction About Reward Pool Program On Bcnex
The JFK assassination
Today is #WorldSuicidePreventionDay, please note our government is still dragging their feet on solving the Epstein mysteries.
Its all starting to make sense
In a way, we really may have lost the cold war. All we hear about is Russian collusion this, Russiagate that. Is it a stretch to say they've been at war with us this whole time? Playing political cards and playing with the economy?
Other Losses: An Investigation into the Mass Deaths of German Prisoners at the Hands of the French and Americans after World War II
The people who secretly control this world have genes that are extraterrestrial in origin and many of these people call themselves 'Jews'.
Anyone encounter "entities" on dmt?
How ancient oceans of magma may have boosted Earth’s oxygen levels
YouTube would not have amounted to nothing if it were not for all the conspiracy and truth videos
Curious 4% Bitcoin BTC price movement around the time of Jeffrey Epstein's death. Epstein funded Bitcoin development.
Don’t Let This Die. Shes A Confirmed Child Sex Trafficker. She Was As Involved As Epstein Himself. She Ruined The Lives Of Children By Profiting Off Of The Sale Of Them To Blackmail High-Level Disgusting Politicians &amp; Aristocrats. Why Is She Not Under Arrest?! Arrest Her Now!
Curious 4% Bitcoin BTC price movement around the time of Jeffrey Epstein's death. Epstein funded Bitcoin development.
The documents coming out are from a defamation case between Virginia Roberts and Ghislaine Maxwell. If someone makes public claims about that are false and have the potential to damage your reputation or lose you earnings - you can sue for defamation. If they write these claims that’s slander.
Atomars (@AtomarsExchange)
EuroPhysics Magazine on 9/11, 15 years later - *Article Page 23*
If you lose internet, phone, or electricity, and if the company doesn't announce it via the usual channels--local news, social media, outage maps, etc.--you should probably assume that they've been hijacked by ransomware and don't want to publicize it.
5 women have disappeared. 3 are dead. What connections can we make
Why is everyone just now dying from vaping?
The 500 Year Old Map That Shatters The Official History Of The Human Race
The Office remembers
Mark Sanford is part of the leverage machine. He took a fall, and is a getting a little payback here.
Is anyone doing a podcast with John Hinckley Jr.?
Mark Sanford cheated on his wife with Maria Belen Chapur, and it was merely a test. He was exposed, but he is inside the leverage machine. How does a weak politician from a smallish state survive and challenge the sitting POTUS?
If vaping is so bad... then why am I coughing up tar from my lungs?
I am going to the grand opening of the Center of Investigative Journalism at my University tomorrow
Digital MRO, 3D Printing, Block chain, Artificial Intelligence Technological Advancements and Evolving Industry Trends
You know your are a "conspiracy theorist" if....
Wifi sleep ray
IS EPSTEIN EVEN DEAD?
Ok, I am 100 percent certain that my phone is listening...
Insider messages on popular song lyrics
Failed state.
In Epstein's Wake: MIT Media Lab, Dirty Money, and Swartz
New levels of censorship not yet reached on Reddit; double bot attack!
Basic Income Proven, Assange Media Blackout, Weed Convictions Erased
WiFi sleep ray
Peace Weapons
WiFi Sleep Ray
The US Government, The Enemy Of The People
I read this and thought he was being just being snarky. No, he's serious!
I wonder if anyone could get footage from surrounding cameras near the jail Epstein was in.
Reddit is basically TV now. Every day that I visit this site it feels more and more like a scripted corporate/government narrative than an organic people's movement. Where do we go from here? Who can create the next viable Facebook, Twitter and Reddit?
Kind of a reach but thought I would put it out there...
Judicial Watch Victory: Court grants significant new discovery in Clinton email case. Capitol Hill Times. Sept 4th, 2019
9/11
We may have to shoot down this aircraft. Flight 93 on Sept.11
BREAKING: California Governor Gavin Newsom Signs SB 276 And SB 714 Into Law
The North Korean-Israeli Shadow War
Why would a group of citizens overpower terrorist hijackers just to ram the plane into the ground when hijackers in those times almost never killed those aboard the plane
Tulsi Gabbard In Statistical TIE with Kamala Harris!
Rigged Debates, Media Smears, &amp; Taking On The DNC -Tulsi Gabbard on The Rubin Report
Low battery mode conspiracy
I just found this article posted on DARPA's website. They're now using "characterization algorithms" as an official method of identifying 'fake news' called "The Semantic Forensics (Semfor) Program".If this tech is going to exist, it should be in the public forum not the hands of US Military.
If you’re looking for something to watch Designated Survivor certainly has the government conspiracy vibe and currently has 3 seasons out on Netflix
9/11 flight 93 was ordered shot down. Dick Cheney reveals in his book
What motivated you to join this sub?
Real American patriot! He’s stood his ground for over 30 years!!
Protesters smashing up a Hong Kong subway that all citizens use. What is the purpose of that? And if there is a revolution who takes over?
Steve Crowder on CNN and FAKE NEW$
Steven Crowder on CNN being fake news and biased.
Is WalMart working with the USG to distribute everything in case SHTF?
Baseless theory about mumble rap
Every US Mass Shooter with 10+ victims
Movies based on conspiracy events (hidden conspiracy messages)
[SERIOUS] Anyone here have any interesting stories told to them by family or friends that worked in remote facilities or black projects?
What they don't want you to know.
Well it is!
Some anon is making an Epstein Island Game
Big Pharma Sinks to the Bottom of U.S. Industry Rankings, one place below the Federal government
Don’t Let This Die. Shes A Confirmed Child Sex Trafficker. She Was As Involved As Epstein Himself. She Ruined The Lives Of Children By Profiting Off Of The Sale Of Them To Blackmail High-Level Disgusting Politicians &amp; Aristocrats. Why Is She Not Under Arrest?! Arrest Her Now!
[SERIOUS] What are your favorite news outlets that have retracted their statements or stories?
Ok hear me out
Is there a global opiate based drugs crisis ? Could it be part of an agenda ?
Google manipulated search results to favor Hillary Clinton in 2016, AND SHE STILL LOST!!! Dr. Robert Epstein: "That level of bias was sufficient, I calculated, to have shifted over time somewhere between 2,600,000 and 10,400,000 million votes to Hillary without anyone knowing that this had occurred"
Iran’s Secret Nuclear Warehouse (And Israel’s evidence?)
Iran’s Secret Nuclear Warehouse (And Israel’s evidence?)
Has anyone watched Disney's Atlantis?
2014 BBC Report: Hong Kong Protestors were trained at Oslo Freedom Forum
BOMBSHELL! Did Ghislaine's Sisters Backdoor the FBI, NSA + more?
Why should you get into meditation? And why do TPTB pray that you don't? Also how to reactivate your merkaba.
A good read..
Power Plays in the UK
if we had 20 years warning we could stop it.
The nazis are the most clever people to ever walk this earth if they had won the war god knows what technology would be on this earth they are scumbags but they were talented.
NBC's #YangMediaBlackout continues, intentionally calling Andrew Yang "John Yang" when covering this clip of him crowdsurfing with the Yang Gang after an AAPI event yesterday...
Morgan Freeman Is Jimi Hendrix, Researchers Claim
Serena Williams and "sister" as young people
I am in no way a [Hillary Clinton] fan. I’ve been on the receiving end of her operatives’ wrath. And it ain’t fun. - Anthony Bourdain shortly before his death
Libertarian Permanently Banned From Twitter for Calling Hannity "Retarded"
Dinosaurs and heraldry
Gematria news effect is total b.s. The dude tries to tell you that sports are rigged by numbers
What’s the real story behind the JFK assassination?
The Black Community Are Rising Up Against Vaccines In California
Rip u/downvotedcomment (Possibly "Suicided")
The Black community is rising up against vaccines in California
Reptilian shapeshifter stories
SECOND suspicious van filled with hundreds of gallons of gasoline found in Baltimore ahead of GOP retreat
I swear I’m not high, but...
S.b.276
Las Vegas Ground Impact Forensic Study
Yup
S.B. 276-714
Beto O'Rourke Says People Will Comply, Surrender AR-15s Under His Ban
Strange conspiracy I’ve thought about.
What if it's really just AI?
"i've spent all weekend discovering that nearly every person i know from MIT has been complicit in taking money from Epstein and whitewashing his image (or defending people like Joi who did)"
Just an FYI
'Hero of Brexit' Lord James of Blackheath Threatened over EU Defence Union
This isn't what i think it is, right?
Osama Bin Trump invites terrorists to Camp David on the eve of 9/11
NYT Tweets Honoring Mao Zedong as “One of History’s Great Revolutionary Figures.” No Mention of the 65 million+ Chinese People he Murdered.
"Wework", The Last POS IPO To Rule Them All
What the hell? Swedish scientist wants you to "awaken to the idea" of eating human flesh in the name of saving the planet
Anyone on this thread that still has FB (unfortunately I still do).... Has anyone noticed the influx of accuracy rate that FB has been "recommending" as "possible people you may know?
Weather Warfare? Interesting theory re: “attempted” Deep State False Flag to “nuke” Port St Lucy Power Plant and blame on storm. Do we have control of the weather? Can we start &amp; stop storms? Check this out...
You know, I've read alot on here about vaccines and big pharma. Now I fucking finally get it.
Mind-Reading Tech Is Dangerously Close to Becoming a Reality
Kate Steinly was murdered so Donald Trump could be President
Mysterious Alien Race Warned Is Returning To Norway To Retrieve Their Na...
The Capitalists Are Afraid
Epstein was Bill Gates director of operations at his foundation.
Wow, good job r/conspiracy. Very nice. It's not like it's the point of the sub to expose conspiracies huh?
"I've spent all weekend discovering that nearly every person i know from MIT has been complicit in taking money from Epstein and whitewashing his image (or defending people like Joi who did)."
G🌎🌍gle's anti-bias algorithms hard at work.
Cool podcast with MJ Banias (writes about UFO culture) about the Area 51 meme movement and its connection to Stranger Things.
The White Flag of Crowd-Sourced Fascism
Guys!! Ashton Kutcher programmed an app that prioritizes police response to sex trafficking cases!! He needs some tax money and maybe a government contract! Share this video if you want to end sex trafficking!
There was a link about how fake news is made and spreads. Anyone have it?
How does one become a "crisis actor"? Who are these folk?
A Reexamination Of The Death Of Michael Mahon Hastings. Former Investigative Journalist And War Correspondent. Part 2
Climate change activists filming a documentary about melting artic sea ice, get trapped and have to be rescued in arctic sea ice.
Aliens may have explored the galaxy and visited Earth already
The REAL Epic Conspiracy
The CIA's Secret Quest For Mind Control: Torture, LSD And A 'Poisoner In Chief'
Are y’all actually surprised the Epstein stuff went away so fast? Wake up
MK ULTRA on NPR
The Trayvon Hoax That Divided America Is About to Be Exposed
Italy had arrested what they believe is a Russian spy, Alexander Korshunov, who may have been involved in the failure launch and destruction of Falcon Eye, the first Saudi Arabia military satellite back in July this year
Could the free fall of the towers still have been caused by terrorists who planted explosives on floors below, leading up to 9/11?
Oh the humanity the fake attack on Seattle on November 03, 2019
Having kids removes your 4th amendment rights?
Purging Global Enslavement
Green Antarctica? - Newly Discovered Ancient Antarctica Grid Pattern Cities? in the Sor Rondanes
Racism is a political tool and conspiracy. Prove that "no type of racism is righteous". Racism's concept and definition don't include "this is wrong". Hence, some types of racism are fair and righteous. Also, not all types of racism are the "Nazi" level racism.
What Would Happen If You Were Immortal - whatweknow
They are so obvious with their symbolism..
The next time someone asks you why you question the official story on mass shootings or terrorist events, show them this.
Blessed are the Truth Seekers for they shall see The Kingdom of Heaven. Fuck The World with Me....
Watch this space...I found this US Military article posted on DARPA's website. They're using "characterization algorithms" as an OFFICIAL method of labeling 'fake news'. "The Semantic Forensics(Semfor) Program" is a convincing method to dismiss reports that oppose a media narrative, dont fall for it
Was Antonio Brown’s Patriots Signing Part of an NFL Long Con for the Ages?
Whenever someone says that reddit rewards are useless they get gold or silver. Does Reddit give the post silver so people think that rewards are still relevant? And people will actually buy more of those?
A conceptual framework for understanding cults and extremist groups; the "Narrativist Framework".
Why do the elite even worship anything?
The Jesuits are tied to the company making the invasive Police "Sting-Ray" devices--L3Harris Technologies, formally the Harris Corporation
The Unabomber was a victim of psychological torture at Harvard
Another Epstein-Weinstein link: Dutch ex-model tells how she was raped by Jeffrey Epstein's French 'fixer' Jean-Luc Brunel, who boasted about his connection to Harvey Weinstein
How companies steal from their customers
BREAKING: Van found, in Baltimore inner harbor, containing 1,000 gallons of gas and rigged to explode
WHAT AM i LOOKING AT!
BREAKING: Van found near Baltimore inner Harbor containing 1,000 gallons of glass and rigged explode
https://www.cia.gov/library/abbottabad-compound/FC/FC2F5371043C48FDD95AEDE7B8A49624_Springmeier.-.Bloodlines.of.the.Illuminati.R.pdf
On 9/11 Never Forget...
This clip made me believe we at least faked the Apollo 11 moon landing footage.
What kind of exploitative garbage is this?
500 NordVPN accounts compromised. Plain-text passwords!
Really CNN you cannot say who the CIA extracted from Moscow?
The laws are not the same for “minorities,” period.
Let's Change the World
Trump and Epstein
In case anyone is wondering why Bahamas got fucked up.
Do you think spirituality is created to serve the Elite?
AI will never defeat Humans
Child Sacrifice and Trafficking in Holland
☢️ Petition to NUKE GRAND BAHAMA ISLAND Before the Debris Harvest a Killer Zombie Virus ☢️ 🧟🧟‍♂️
Dave Chapelle in the "Upside Down" (Stranger Things)
What kind of toothpaste do you use?
Bahamas look the same to me 🤷‍♂️ What Hurricane? No Utilities, Dead Bodies Everywhere . . . same old same old
World War 1 - Death - Destruction - Rare Footage
The future invention of strong AI affects the present
Let's not forget about this guy... This article was buried a bit under Trump's recent media exploits.
Crisis actors are used in weather reporting as shooting hoaxes
Redditors are loser faggots
Great Video that shows the Las Vegas News editing out incriminating evidence (45 seconds) from the footage of the shooting the published, compiles the footage from Las Vegas, with a clear indication of helicopters from multiple vantages, and an analysis of the information.
Denial of this fact about Hong Kong is a denial of reality itself.
Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
So I make two comments condemning child pornographers here and I get this bullshit.
Jacob Rees-Mogg calls out Illuminati members, in Parliment, for delaying BREXIT to hold power.
'The Donnie T.' DISCOVERY-Ancient Megalithic Wall Found in Melville Island, NWT, Canada.
Smartphone Use and Flickering
Goodbye
Israel's Grand Deception
Tom Hanks' young co-star Mya-Lecia Naylor commited "suicide"
The Zodiac Killer - Pt. 1 - NEW Border and Map Fold Clues - 'Any which way exit out ' 'Park Ranger'
1889 baron trump novels
Don’t we have enough on 9/11 to just call it a day?
WTC2 Collapse Compilation - A Different Perspective
My question to the group: if you believe the NYTs lies to you, the government lies to you, CNN lies to you, Fox lies to you, the government lies to you, FB news feeds lie to you, big pharma lies to you. Where do you get your true news from? Everything is a conspiracy. Everything?
New conspiracy, David Iche and Mike Myers are the same person.
Libertarianism is just corporate lobbyingg
Britney Spears' Doctor Dies Suddenly As Conservatorship Case Heats Up
Large German Underwater Observatory Disappears Without a Trace, Baffling Scientists: Someone is messing around both with American and Russian naval vessels, and now an underwater German observatory
Fusion Centers, Citizen Spies and the Debasement of the American Character: Innocent people are being thrown onto the fraudulent Terrorist Watch List as grist for a superfluous Police State “industry”
How did Maynard James Keenan know?
Was the "failure" of communism just a giant conspiracy?
91,600 Killed in Yemen Conflict: 4,500 direct civilian targeting events resulted in 11,700 recorded civilian fatalities since the US-Saudi led coalition invaded Yemen in 2015. Around 67% of all reported civilian fatalities since 2015 have been caused by US-Saudi led coalition airstrikes.
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disintegrated into “confetti”
Rush Limbaugh makes excellent point: the media isnt an arm of the democrat party. The media controls things. The democrat party is an arm of the media
The Civil War is Here | The left doesn’t want to secede. It wants to rule.
a flight with 227 people on board disintegrates into “confetti”
Tulsi excuse making anti BDS vote with pure BS
George Orwell said dinosaurs did not exist?
[Corbett Report] Excellent new 9/11 series - 9/11 Whistleblowers - Michael Springmann
never see anyone talking about it, but Alex Jones uses subliminal messaging to advertise his products on infowars...
Some Problems with the UAF/Hulsey/AE911Truth WTC7 Draft Report
Anthony Bourdain killed himself because he was involved in the Jeffrey Epstein scandal.
5G Gigantic Health Hazard
WTC7 'Lathering Up'
Planned Parenthood to face trial for literally selling body parts.
The world's most advanced naval war ships encounters
My iPhone will ring faintly in my pocket like I just dialed an outgoing call. I have waited to move it until I hear it ring twice.
The Kings of Democracy.
Good introduction for those just getting started
Hey I need help with an assignment on conspiracy theories about 9-11 all I need is responses on a survey.
Tardigrades have taken control of the Vikram lander
Accurate
#FREEBRITNEY A discussion that has not gotten enough attention, and a new development in the case.
Theory...?
Behind the Greta thunberg movement lies a shadowy cabal of lobbyists, investors and energy companies seeking to profit. PR hustlers, eco-academics, and a think-tank founded by a wealthy ex-minister in Sweden’s Social Democratic government with links to the country’s energy companies.
How the Elite Get Rich and Famous
The lifestyles of the richest 42 million people are emitting more greenhouse gas than the poorest 3.8 billion people.
Like Michelle and Michael
Every US Mass Shooter in 2019 Who Shot Four or More People and Has Been Convicted
Who 'jokes' like that?
Without a trace: Scientists bewildered as underwater lab disappears in the Baltic Sea
I'm sure this has been posted before but I haven't seen anything about it, anyone notice the push by the media to normalize cannibalism? I think this is definitely an elite thing and they are trying to get ahead of the narrative when it's revealed certain high profile elites have been engaging in it
The Amazon is being burned to make room for soybean farms, which is on the rise in China.
9/11! What a Joke That Has Become: They Switched The Enemy From Al-Qaeda To Russia
Do you believe in coincidences?
Compulsory viewing: MK Ultra and ritual abuse survivor Fiona Barnett's testimony
Mandela Effect: Wealth Inequality
The Official Story of the Collapse of WTC Building 7
Gordon Thomas on Robert Maxwell/Mossad espionage project in the USA and beyond, by Gilad Atzmon
Who Is Holding Back the Russian Economy?
Do you think you could handle an extended internet outage?
[SERIOUS] What are some crazy patents that you've seen or read about?
Can someone remind me why Christians support Israel so strongly again?
Hey Euros: Anecdotally, what was it like when they changed your currency to the Euro?
Hear me out. The Roswell ufo crash was Nazi technology.
Church of Scientology Sued For Child Abuse &amp; Human Trafficking
Commissioners from the Franklin Square and Munson Fire District, located near Queens, New York, unanimously passed a historic resolution on July 24 that calls for a new investigation into all aspects of 9/11 and which cites “overwhelming evidence” that explosives were planted in all three towers.
Wheel of Climate Change
Did you know a Superman comic book, which would have been sent to the printer three weeks earlier, depicted a 9/11 scene on the book that released on 9/12?
#impeachAoc
Correct me if i'm wrong but it seems Brexit has been snookered...
Silicon Valley’s final frontier for mobile payments — ‘the neoliberal takeover of the human body’
China again shutting down more and more. Control the media control how generations will view this for years to come.
Dozens of New Zealanders have been charged for possessing video of the Christchurch massacres
anyone know why a significant portion of Nicaragua is blurred by google maps?
What is unethical as fuck, but is extremely common practice in the business world?
June 5, 2003: Jeffrey E. Epstein donated $30 MILLION this year to Harvard for the founding of a mathematical biology and evolutionary dynamics program.
Pakistani airlines ad.
A Pakistan Airlines Advertisement from 1979.
June 5, 2003: Jeffrey E. Epstein donated $30 MILLION this year to Harvard for the founding of a mathematical biology and evolutionary dynamics program.
Videos not longer available of post 9/11 footage
This wed 9/11/19 we will be protesting by ground zero in NYC just as we've done every year for the last 15 years--hope to see y'all there 🖖
What are they expecting to happen in October in the UK?
WTC7, Epstein and the end game dialectic
The Los Angeles Times YouTube channel keeps reposting their old news stories and they are showing up in YouTube's news trending section. Some videos are two years old and being portrayed as new.
Legally corporations are People correct?
International Pedo Ring Goes Wayyyy Back
Can someone please explain what is the latest on the Epstein prison suicide investigations? Where is it at, and why aren't prison employees leaking more shit to the media?
Is the photo on the right photoshopped? If not, proof?
The Book of Revelation
Trends and how they steer us away from the pressing matters at hand
What system is this? I don't get it.
Norway spiral. Lights Over Norway: UFO or Military Rocket?
Robert Essner is an alumni. He almost certainly has a fortune in Sandoz/Novartis stock from his 13 years there. Interesting they sent the DEA in, and threatened tenured botany professors over an Iboga tree that hardly anyone knew was there. Sandoz released a generic form of Suboxone this spring.
Remember when we were all gonna die from mad cow disease, the swine flu, bird flu, Ebola, etc? Well, it was all just fear mongering.
Thesis: The schooling system is designed to make people emotionally retarded
Reminder of W.Cooper Warning before 9/11
Can someone explain what pizzgate is? I’m new to this conspiracy shit
Looking for Video Creator to Create Conspiracy Videos With Me
George Estabrooke FBI files re: Hypnosis
Why is election interference shrouded in secrecy? Who stands to gain/lose?
Looking for a fictional book about the CIA or deep state.
Illuminati videos taken off YouTube?
Jacques Vallée is a pioneer computer scientist and astronomer. He helped create ARPANET, a precursor to the internet, and helped NASA map mars. He has also researched UFOs for over 50 years, and helped introduce the inter-dimensional hypothesis to explain UFOs.
New Mediterranean Discoveries
AARON SWARTZ – MIT SATANIC CHILD PORN RING? – A WAR HAS BEEN STARTED THAT WILL NOT END UNTIL MIT FALLS ON THEIR SWORDS – JANUARY 15, 2012
Underwater Terrace, Tower and Cave by Greenland and Svalbard
London Buses unironically advertising their camera surveillance in the visual style of George Orwell's 1984 book cover
Zionism vs Judaism
"That's how they got threatened, you're going to lose your pension if you say anything about this" Death of BREITBART CORONER
"They were afraid of their pensions; that's how they got threatened" - The Breitbart Toe Tag
Ellesmere Island Find- Is it an old work camp? Army ex. ended in cannabilism, is it them?
Conspiracy
8chan Owner Jim Watkins Interview After First Hearing with One America News Network. Apparently 8chan barely makes $12000 per year. It's about Free Speech, not about money for them. Unlike Facebook and Twitter which makes billions yet stifles free speech.
NEW DISCOVERY-Ancient Antarctica Base/Hollow Earth Entrance Algae-like Lake 2 Miles From Entrance
"I was in a WTC tower construction management family 1966-1972 through R&amp;D and construction until the paperwork came down to install the fusion reactor components IN the World Trade Center Towers in 1969." - a redditor's personal account on WTC, Kellogg, Rockefellers, Elizabeth II, NASA and 9/11
Not Britney Spears shows up in a music video?
What if I'm a plieadian starseed? How would I tell?
“There is only one truth, only men describe it in different ways.” - Rig-Veda
Trump’s week in 7 tweets
The amount of offshore money hoarded is enough to make nearly 8 and a half stacks of bills to the moon.
What happened to Robert Kraft?
Death of the American dream (Discussion)
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart - Media Ignores a Political Candidate
StemExpress CEO Admits to Selling Beating Hearts, Intact Heads of Aborted Babies
Illuminati called out, in Parliment, for delaying BREXIT to hold power.
There are people like Cambridge Analytica who could use sexual desire to manipulate what people see on Facebook, YouTube videos for political gains.
Boycott Bill Gates documentary on Netflix
Reddit recommended pro China subreddit Hong_Kong?
When you meet tolerant people on this sub &lt;3
ALEX JONES (Full Show) Sunday - 9/8/19
WTC1 'Lathering Up"
I'm having a hard time finding any information about the huge protests happening in Sept, even on the internet. Is there an active media cover up or am I just being paranoid/looking at the wrong sources?
China is using weather manipulation technology to effect typhoons
Coincidence, i think not.
Youtube search
What if bob Lazar is telling the truth? How could we replicate the craft he worked on?
Calling for a Conspiracy Facts Wiki/Subreddit: So many conspiracy facts are posted on a daily basis, but lost in time. We need a resource that lists all of them, with links to sources for verification.
Looking for Conspiracy points on starting a war for a WritingPrompts response.
Do elites sexually abuse minors because they themselves are victims of abuse?
Normalizing pedophelia
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 7/?
NORMALIZING PEDOPHELIA
A lot of fake conspiracy theories undermine the real ones.
Marine Corps logo flashing while watching T.V.
BAHAMAS 'COUNTING BODIES NOT PRIORITY' flag on play
Conspiracy theorists
It's a conspiracy (convenient to control people) that all types of racism are bad. Avoiding a taint for the integrity of life and happiness is a justified legitimate reason for discrimination. Many types of racism are fair and justified. And not all types of racism are "Nazi" level racism.
Entered Apprentice,Fellowcraft Degree,Master Mason Degree lessons
Fascinating podcast covering Epstein, Trump, and other impending global affairs — Ryan Dawson &amp; Sam Tripoli
It's a conspiracy that all types of racism are bad. Avoiding a taint for the integrity of life and happiness is a justified legitimate reason. Many types of racism are fair and justified. And not all types of racism are Nazi level racism.
The Grand Deception of Israel, September 11, 2001
Map shows the cities where 5G cell towers are being rolled out… do you live in one of these?
Conspiracy - why are certain posts being censored here, but not other ones? Submitted one about Epstein and Anonymous, and it got deleted after 23 minutes because it lacked a submission statement. I will post my link to my post below. Look up this one in the same sub, it’s been over an hour, no SS.
9/11 Dust, First Responders’ Prostate Cancers Linked?
Hong Kong protestors use American Flag as symbol of freedom during their protests while white liberals/Democrats in the US pretend to be oppressed. White liberals/Democrats/Neocons love to suck on China’s cock while condemning Trump’s trade war w/ them.
Hilarious article about how fraudulent the stock market is
James Mattis: Obama/Biden Covered Up Iran DC Bomb Plot To Save Iran Deal
Is Christianity gatekeeping goodness/wholesomeness a conspiracy?
ALEX JONES This Group Seeks To Collapse Civilization 9/8/19
BILLIONAIRES WHO PAID HURRICANE RANSOM?
"human beings was once leading race in the great cluster of stars in the galaxy" .....-By CREDO MUTWA ( ZULU SHAMAN )
Remember, the same Big Tobacco Companies that lied to congress about the safety and addictive nature of cigarettes, are also the ones that own JUUL, Vuse, Vype, MarkTen, XL, and Blu. Who do yo think is promoting a "good" alternative to smoking and also hiding the long term health effects?
Planned Parenthood Staff Admits to Supplying Aborted Baby Parts to ‘For-Profit Brokers’ —still beating hearts 🤯
Radar Shows 'China Using Weather Control To Manipulate And Change Direction Of Typhoon'
New WTC 7 study covered by local CBS channel
60 Minutes Australia: World's most popular weed killer probably causes cancer
Cleaning up google search. (Blacklisting state propaganda sites.)
China's facial recognition: "I was jaywalking in Nanshan, and all of a sudden, I got a fine on my WeChat. 20 seconds! I had money in my balance and it went straight out"
2006: FBI showed off "Counterterrorism database" designed by Chiliad. Ghislaine Maxwell's sister Christine Maxwell was co-founder, ceo &amp; president of Chiliad. Their father, Robert Maxwell - MI6, KGB &amp; Mossad whose "body was discovered floating in the Atlantic Ocean, fallen overboard from his yacht"
THIS Ancient Greek Pyramid PREDATES Ancient Egypt! - The MYSTERY Of Hellenikon
Was Paul Walkers death really purely accidental
The Aberfan Disaster, an event worth remembering
Paradigm Shifting: Exposing the Dark Occult; the Satanic ideology ruling this world. By an ex-Satanic priest
How Woke Became a Weapon
Tristan Harris - “The polarization of our society is actually part of the business model.”
Top of pencil, look familiar?
What do you think about the movie "Ready or not "
Wtf YouTube?
Where can I find this entire video? I've only found cut version.
Reason for my posts
Nasrallah: Hezbollah has no more 'Red Lines' Against Israel, all Occupied Palestine can be Targeted
Progress.. :)
Holy shit. Is this a mainstream media outlet reporting that 9/11 happened by way of controlled demolition?
my crazy thought process
20TZpdE674i
New Documentary on ET Abaduction and Alien Breeding Programs.
[Corbett Report] Excellent new 9/11 series - 9/11 Whistleblowers - Barry Jennings
The 9/11 nuke's total energy; Part 1 of "The Power Source(s) of the 9/11 Event"
So you've done something with your subreddit. Well it looks roomier at least.
Inauthentic Selves: The modern LGBTQ+ Movement Is Run By Philanthropic Astroturf And Based On Junk Science
Micro Nukes Took Down the Towers On 9/11 Pt 1
Bolsonaro's Conspiracy Theories Are Making Brazil's Rainforest Wildfires Worse
9/11 Nuke?
What did he done this time?
StemExpress CEO Admits to Selling Beating Hearts, Intact Heads of Aborted Babies
Morals, Dogma, Empire, and Order Followers
Inauthentic Selves: The modern LGBTQ+ Movement Is Run By Philanthropic Astroturf And Based On Junk Science
The Eyes have it. Now in plain sight.
The Machinations Of Deception Part 2
We are told we are all equal, but when you factor for regional intelligence quotient then you get a difference of up to 20 points. How does it enrich a nation to bring in the most intelligent people from a low IQ region? Doent that hurt the place they are emigrating from?
How an Élite University Research Center Concealed Its Relationship with Jeffrey Epstein
Excellent summary of the current state of the world, written in 1958. Nothing has changed.
Were all the same were all equal. Expect when you calculate iq.. worldwide iq shows "equality" is a myth. If the average person knew this would they be so gunghoe about unlimited immigration?
Conspiracy against the phrase "conspiracy theory"?
Meta Conspiracy: This is the real reason why this sub is getting the attention of the Reddit admin. The potential for this to get out of hand was known well ahead.
Gematria Calculator.
Anonymous was right it seems... Named Epstein, Clinton’s, etc. over 2 years ago before all of this happened in 2019.
Song about pizza starts off innocent, then gets dark with symbology. It is very weird, the production value doesn’t line up with its popularity. (Comedic styling)
What are people’s thoughts on the #grabbag thing that is trending on twitter?
These seismographs recorded at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory in Palisades, New York, 21 miles north of the WTC, recorded massive, extremely short sharp shockwaves equal to magnitude 2.1 and 2.3 earthquakes at the moment each of the towers began to collapse.
Weather.com using different version of the same graphic on the same post (One in a video and one in the text below the video)
Kate Yup conspiracy is super creepy! I made this video discussing a few possibilities to what's going.
Are you noticing the vast blatant propaganda campaign being currently waged against E-cig vaping? Take notice in the methods as they are the same tactics used to subvert the people's minds all on subjects including things like gun control and immigration.
Humanoid (alien) mummy discovered. Confirmed Real.
9/11 Connection to Titanic
“The polarization of our society is actually part of the business model.” -Tristan Harris on the power of Social Media companies.
Anti-Brexit neoliberal propaganda reaches ridiculous levels, becomes an indirect threat
Is Leslie Wexner funding Hebrew and Harvard University studies in Phoenician baby sacrifice?
We are everywhere
I am convinced Reddit paid mods to kill subreddits that hurt the income or appearance of Reddit
All the stuff that never makes it to national news, updated daily. But the problem is my guns right?
Is Leslie Wexner funding Hebrew and Harvard University studies in Phoenician baby sacrifice?
Billionaire Political Rookie Tom Steyer Magically Qualifies For Debate, While Tulsi Gabbard, The Most Searched Candidate in Both Prior Debates Doesn't. These Mainstream Media Polls Are The New Super Delegates!
Did Leslie Wexner low key fund Harvard and Hebrew University Studies on Phoenician Baby Sacrifice?
Question for fellow conspiracy researchers regarding the 'mass shootings'.
The National Enquirer is probably more trustworthy and the MSM these days
How I Came Across 9/11 Predictive Programming
Yeah right, something "mysterious "
Simpsons Exec openly admits predictive "shot-for-shot" programming because they're part of the Illuminati.
Mueller Helped Cover-up Saudi ties to 9/11.
Remember "nobody wants to take your guns"
FBI Problems are worse since 911
British member of parliament Rees-Mogg calls opponents 'Illuminati' at 21:06
Bitcoin Scammer, Who Stole Nearly $68 Mln, Beaten to Death by Crime Partners
America appoints fake president in Venezuela who then attempts to give territory to multinational corporations
No basis conspiracy theory: cell phone vendors are intentionally destroying 4g reliability to make people cry for 5G.
As Media Freaks Over 159 Measles Cases, Thousands of Kids Sold as Sex Slaves Out of Foster Care
Banned from r/physics and r/askphysics
Why are cuckolding, "polyamory" and open relationships so prevalent in the Mainstream Media currently?
"It should be obvious that the 19 young Arab suspects accused of the crimes could not have accomplished any of the things required to pull off the 9/11 crimes, as described in these seven questions that need to be answered. In fact, the evidence indicates they could not even fly small aircraft."
The FBI admitted in 2006, 'We have no assurances as to who really carried out the [9/11] attacks.'
Childhood In Tibet
Twitter Bot User List
Alabama Lawmakers Pass Landmark Bill Requiring Child Molesters to be Castrated
Woke up to even more comments calling me schizophrenic and more
“HGH is People!” — Autopsies used for ulterior motives of hormone extraction
Honk kong
Let's talk about New Mexico.
African tyrant Robert Mugabe is dead. A devout Catholic raised and advised by Jesuits, Mugabe was responsible for a series of genocides, comparing himself to Hitler. Cecil Rhodes who modeled his roundtable group on the Jesuits, donated vast lands to the Jesuit Order where Mugabe was trained.
How the CIA, Mossad and “the Epstein Network” are Exploiting Mass Shootings: Following another catastrophic mass shooting or crisis event, Orwellian “solutions” are being foisted on frightened Americans by a criminal Epstein-connected network with a sordid history of crushing internal dissent
The CIA, Mossad and "Epstein Network” are Exploiting Mass Shootings (new article from Whitney Webb!)
The most surveilled cities in the world
“The polarization of our society is actually part of the business model.” -Tristan Harris on the power of Social Media companies.
[META]What do an underage prostitution/blackmail ring, illegal disarmament of the public, the promotion of degeneracy, the opioid crisis, the use of legalized bribery to circumvent democracy, and replacement migration have in common?
If Alien life is hidden here are the main reasons (on a social aspect)
Mueller Sued for Helping Saudis Cover Up Involvement in 9/11 attacks: Despite evidence of "multiple efforts by the Saudi government to assist the hijackers," the former FBI director allegedly "covered up evidence pointing back to the Saudi Embassy, even misleading Congress about what he knew."
For all its technological genius, our modern world is fragile. The author Robert Harris considers how we might be thrown back to the middle ages.
[META]CBS Sunday Morning: Blatant disarmament propaganda by the pro-globalist MSM. The semi-automatic rifle is the only reason why George Soros' face isn't on the $20 bill.
A conspiracy theory about gun control
Twitter openly defends personhood of Satanic Cabal
Nobody died in Tianamen Square according to foreign witnesses
Is the Fed Preparing to Topple the US Dollar?
The Mysterious Case of Jeffrey Epstein in a Nutshell (1 Min Documentaries)
A vicious and plausible conspiracy theory about the “Storm Area 51” memes needs to be brought to light!
What does it look like when aluminum hits a building?
Biblical prophet
Should I just say screw it all?
Please clarify for me
The Mysterious Case of Jeffrey Epstein (A 1 Minute Documentary) MSM vs Everyone
Hillary Clinton at the Ambrosetti forum, pushing climate change panic.
[Corbett Report] 9/11 Whistleblowers: Barry Jennings
What is your overall favorite conspiracy theory?
Does anyone else start to feel like they are in a minority recently for openly hating pedophiles?
Large Underwater Observatory Mysteriously Disappears, Baffling Scientists
My clock theory
Meat me at McDonalds
The New American Century (Complete)
Email between HRC and Rothschild about sacrificing a chicken to Moloch
33 Myths of the System: The Entire Unworld, Fully Exposed
Theory about Chester’s Bennington death
Franklin Square &amp; Munson Fire District Commissioner Christopher Gioia Speaks at Lawyers' Committee 9/11 Event in NYC Sep 7, 2019 "The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones"
Anyone have much info about Larry Silverstein
Inside the Video Surveillance Program IBM Built for Philippine Strongman Rodrigo Duterte
Top police chief claims banks are forging signatures on legal documents on an industrial scale
"phone calls had acces to your location in the background" Is google spying on me? (Google pixel 2 XL)
Robert Mueller helped Saudi Arabia cover up its role in 9/11 attacks.
A loose conspiracy theory Im coming up with.
UK false flags
This blimp is in the same place and hasn’t moved since yesterday
What if?
Good Conspiracy Channels?
Bill Gates-funded chemical cloud could help stop global warming
Mind-reading AI may spell end to humanity as we know it, but not because it will enslave us
Spiritual Targeting: Satanic Rituals In Hip Hop (p1) Targeted Individuals - Gangstalking 2019
What if some terrorist attacks were just massive cover-ups to hide the assassination of one high-profile target in a crowd?
I met a quy
The Supreme Cult
9/11 conspiracy. Video is buried deep into Indian YouTube and seems to make too much sense. Thoughts?
1963: Hypnotist George Estabrooks admits creating multiple personality assassins. I bet these are behind most of the mass shootings.
Israeli Security Tech on US-Mexican Border Threatens Nation’s Civil Liberties (therealnews.com w/ Marc Steiner)
Israeli Security Tech on US-Mexican Border Threatens Nation’s Civil Liberties (realnews.com w/ Marc Steiner)
Just found this, is it real? Video of supposed thermite explosions in WTC7?
"60 Minutes" speaks with survivor of mysterious health attack in China
Victim Of Suspected Health Attacks On US Diplomats Speaks Out | TODAY
Here We Go- Harvey Weinstein and Jeffrey Epstein attended Princess Beatrice's 18th birthday together
Disinfo campaign to brand all Targeted Individuals as crazy
The next terrorist threat.
i’m out
"I was a student at The Catholic University of America in Washington DC when coerced and abducted by Deborah Palfrey/ The DC Madam who trafficked me to Jeffery Epstein and Andrew Windsor. I was trafficked to MANY including Joe Biden, John McCain and others in the White House today" Someone's claims
Puberty blockers are this generation’s electroshock therapy
Very true
Saw this over at /r/epstein: Zorro Ranch House Managers facebook (names removed).
fuck ahs
Saving Lives: White Helmets in Syria Perform Heroic Rescues of Al-Qaeda Members
Was 9 11 A Masonic Ritual Sacrifice Mark Passio
"Empty Walls" Bush 911 Ritual of Blood Sacrifice - Proverbs 20:18
Cypress Hill, Busta Rhymes and Mystikal.
This sub is for sensitive little shizo goys
Fort Hood in Texas has no soldiers, it is an embezzlement scheme
Was 9 11 A Masonic Ritual Sacrifice Mark Passio
Deep State Death by Braided Bathrobe Belt - The 1965 "Suicide" of Ethel DuPont. What’s the JFK connection
"Empty Walls" Bush 911 Ritual of Blood Sacrifice - Proverbs 20:18
hmmm..
A new theory pertaining to the JFK Assassination.
A Map of the World
Has anyone ever questioned if JFK really was even assassinated at all?
[Corbett Report] Excellent new 9/11 series - 9/11 Whistleblowers - Cate Jenkins
Trump was going to meet the Taliban in Sunday at Camp David. Tell me then, why did they stage an attack right before? Makes zero sense.
No more fluffy white clouds
Weird Facebook glitch no one can explain
There is only one way out of the HK Catastrophe and if you live there, you should be prepared.
No more fluffy white clouds
As if the Truth is tightly wrapped up in some link you can share at me on Reddit.
Camille Paglia: Legalize Pedophilia
Camille Paglia: Legalize Pedophilia
Canadian nazi party was created by The Canadian Jewish Congress to propose anti-hate legislation and limit freedom of speech.
The West is falling
Gangstalking proof
The Family on Netflix
Judea Declares War on Germany was the front-page headline of the March 24, 1933 edition of the British newspaper Daily Express.
How is Dorian threatening Canada now?
According to the JFK Files Hitler Summered Here until at least 1965 lol - New Find In Antarctica
MIT Media Lab Director Joi Ito Resigns Amid New Jeffrey Epstein Revelations
NOAA staff warned in Sept. 1 directive against contradicting Trump on the weather forecast
SERENA WILLIAMS CHEATED US OPEN!!!!!
Facebook Watch: the real divider of the people. My first 5 suggestions are fights, most of the suggestions are fights, either in Walmart, the street or a fast food joint. Sup with that?
It’s fine looking for the company and approval of others in order to validate one’s own perception. But people shouldn’t become a slave to what other people think either.
Bernie Sanders praising Jesuit Cuban and Nicaraguan Communists.
Some background on how Trump almost broke his father's business and needed a bailout from the Rothschilds and other bankers.
CIA document says that they may have found a gate to the Akashic Records.
Former Facebook exec: "I think we have created tools that are ripping apart the social fabric of how society works. The short-term, dopamine-driven feedback loops we’ve created are destroying how society works. No civil discourse, no cooperation; misinformation, mistruth. You are being programmed".
French court found Monsanto guilty of poisoning farmer.
Documents from the Pentagon and the CIA expose how the US government has worked behind the scenes on over 800 major movies and more than 1,000 TV titles promoting war on behalf of the CIA.
The Catholic Church paid $213 million to 4,445 children that were sexually abused by pedophile priests in Australia.
The conspiracy of conspiracy theories.
[HUMOR] ANDREA BOCELI ISN'T REALLY BLIND
"The great enemy of truth is very often not the lie deliberate, contrived and dishonest but the myth persistent, persuasive and unrealistic." -JFK.
The great enemy of truth is very often not the lie deliberate, contrived and dishonest but the myth persistent, persuasive and unrealistic. -JFK.
Boris Johnson Master Plan : How PM will deliver Brexit by exploiting EU’s own rules
U.S Navy Acknowledges: MMR Vaccine caused viral Mumps outbreak.
STAND UP FOR SCIENCE
Paul Verhoeven's Starship Troopers film is a parody of war, hollywood war films and the control of a fascist state.
Why almost everything you hear about medicine is wrong. "It isn’t just an individual study here and there that’s flawed, they charge. Instead, the very framework of medical investigation may be off-kilter, leading time and again to findings that are at best unproved and at worst dangerously wrong".
[META]Once again, the hasbara are trying to get 4Chan shut down.
W
Trans Twitter Meme Controversy
NEW EPSTEIN VICTIM NAMES JOE BIDEN - more details in comments
w
NEW EPSTEIN VICTIM CLAIMS SHE WAS TRAFFICKED TO JOE BIDEN
9/11 Whistleblowers: Kevin Ryan
Epstein look-a-like spotted on Epstein Island post-suicide
NBC teases the possibility of a Hillary™/Elizabeth ticket. Not joking.
Back from my 3 day reddit ban for daring to speak out against China on a post about the Hong Kong protests.
The End of White America Is Now Assured
Racist Ass Crackers!
Ever since the US went to war in Afghanistan, opium production has increased there, and now the US is suffering from a terrible opioid and heroin epidemic.
We’re all simulations.
Medal for the "Coretta Scott King Award" (MLK Jr. Wife). Creepy symbolism.
Another user recently posted about 'thug rap' being allowed on youtube even though it clearly has hate speech. Why would they allow this? It is a continuation of control systems only in cultural form rather than legal.
Whaaa
Epstein Island: “Rusty Shackleford,” Coincidence?
University Study Finds Fire DID NOT Bring Down Tower 7 on 9/11. Government caught lying.
9/1/2019: CBS releases 60 minutes report on "brain trauma suffered by U.S. diplomats abroad" by EMF/RF weaponary
Any links between michael jackson and Epstein?
Bernie Sanders has lost his mind
Area 52
Epstein Island: “Rusty Shackleford:” Decide
JEFFERY EPSTEIN IS STILL ALIVE
Challenger's secret mission was to capture the rogue Soviet space station Salyut-7.
In Brazen Grift, Trump Made Air Force Stop Overnight at His Scotland Golf Course
Since today’s the 23 anniversary of the shooting that killed Tupac, what do you think actually happened? Do you think there was someone else behind the shooting?
In Israel, religious extremism is pervasive, unchecked
I’ve now sat down with several Indians who have laid out the social engineering take over their communities are planning.
Why should you get into meditation? And why the elite pray that you dont. Also how to reactivate your merkaba.
MIT Media Lab Director Joichi Ito resigns; Negroponte is angry
/u/massterpenes has bee the one selling the vitamin E acetate liquid that has been killing people from vaping the last month.
Suicidal people who are hospitalized are vastly more likely to commit suicide than suicidal people who are not. Why is a traumatic, expensive, and ineffective “treatment” still considered standard? I think we all know why.
Biggest conspiracy: why ppl will believe Bigfoot existed rather than an attempted coup happened / is on going to ride the executive branch of Trump
All You Need To Know
Little story
Anti-NWO Music
Is Serena Williams On Steroids? -
Possible connections between 2010 Hatian Earthquake and 2019 Hurricane Dorian?
The religion of Globalism and why they are pushing transgenderism so much ---Dualism:
There’s something going on...
House of Saud or British Royal Family, who's more powerful?
Why are children committing suicide?
[DS] MUELLER BUSTED FOR COVERING UP [9/11]
Natural Hierarchy—Soul of Humanity—Light—Love
07 SEP 2019: Tulsi Gabbard is "LIVE". Apparently Tulsi has not received the DNC™ memo that she "doesn't qualify". Apparently Tulsi still thinks we can make our voices heard! Shame on her!
Does anyone have any ideas on the Malaysia airline that vanished like some scooby doo shit. I haven't heard about it for awhile and never heard any good theories.
U.S. Allowing Chemicals in Food for Population Control?
Jeffrey Epstein actually starred in Friends as Jack Geller
"The Vaping Crisis"
This subreddit's obsession with labeling the rich as psychopaths
The biggest conspiracy that nobody is talking about
Songs promoting murdering "n*ggas", drug use, gangs, don't violate Youtube's policies somehow...
Robert Mueller covers up saudi involvement in 911
CHINA FILMED USING WEATHER CONTROL [MIL TECH] &amp; Crafts
Hydrogen-cyanide and Water Reaction as the Origin of Life - Conduct Science
Are you a LightWorker ? What is the Cosmic Central Race ?
Anyone who criticizes the president for golphing is racist
The WingMakers - A theory to unlock all others (or, The Motherlode Conspiracy) think: The Matrix.
Why I think AE911Truth Is A Deep State Sponsored Disinfo Organisation
Snapchat Pushing Extreme Sexuality
Never forget mass surveillance has nothing to do with security
Robert Mueller helped Saudi Arabia cover up its role in 9/11 attacks: suit
Ok so hate posting this here because now I seem like a conspiracy nut but I mean I googled space jump and these two vastly different images showed up. So besides all the conspiracy. Is there a reason why Zenith is in a different place and there's an american flag on one but not the other?
Full Documentary: "God's Chosen People" - Exposes US Zionism Through TV News, News Articles, Interviews, Confessions and Testimonials
Write "SAVE AMAZON" on Google. Look at the first results! This is an OUTRAGE! ALL COUNTRIES SHOULD RECOGNIZE "AMAZONIA" AS A UNIVERSAL NAME FOR AMAZON IN ALL LANGUAGES AND CHANGE ALL MAPS TO ACCOMMODATE THE NEW NAME! Or Jeff Bezos should change the name of His company to SAMAZON ,to honor the FOREST
r/NFL not showing up on All of Popular
Write "SAVE AMAZON" on Google.Look at the first results! This is an OUTRAGE! ALL COUNTRIES SHOULD RECKOGNIZE "AMAZONIA" AS A UNIVERSAL NAME FOR AMAZON IN ALL LANGUAGES AND CHANGE ALL MAPS TO ACCOMODATE THE NEW NAME!Or Jeff Bezos should change the name of His company to SAMAZON ,to honour the FOREST!
Are advertisements/commercials getting dumber ?
Employers are violating our rights to free speech and invading our lives
Video explaining in detail the rise of fascism in America
Sin Boy Story.
This land is their land
Amazing Polly is killing it - identified Robert Maxwell ties to the CIA's In-Q-Tel, and other mind blowing Epstein-related facts you haven't heard.
A video you might have missed about Obama's corruption
Obama wasn't a citizen of the United States and he didn't haven't legitimate birth certificate. Because he was an idiot. ilhan Omar is a terrorist. But Democrats seem to hate Trump for no other reason than hes whitee
Alex Jones made at least one legit video before he was completely corrupted. Dangers of Aspartame
The FDA and Sarepta: A window into the world of drug regulation
Broke men are hurting American women’s marriage prospects
every supposed scandal of the Trump administration has been debnked. Democrats refusal to admit that and refusal to support the president inspite of that proves they hate him for one reason and one reason only. He's whitee
Alex Jones made at least one legit video before he was completely corrupted. Dangers of Aspartame
The Epstein/Bill Gates Connection: M.I.T.
I reversed Billie Eilish's bad guy and it turned alien song in german language
Air Force crew made an odd stop on a routine trip: Trump’s Scottish resort
Billie Eilish is normalising Satanism. Plays Lucifer in new music video "all good girls go to hell". Tons of Symbolism.
Can we talk about how normal and acceptable it is for politicians and the media to insult their own fellow Americans?
Another 60 Minutes report regarding this production titled "Is an invisible weapon targeting U.S. diplomats?"
Dumb conspiracy but the donald says hes 6'4" but family photos seem to say otherwise. Eric trump on the right is 6'4", ivanka is 5'11", melania is 5'11", and Don JR is 6'1". The girls are for sure wearing heels in this pic but Trump is prolly 6'2" at the tallest
Redditors are dumber than bricks
Tucker Carlson Drops Huge Epstein Bomb, Elite Terrified
Epstein donated to MIT Media Lab, and he actively solicited donations from others. WHY? Why Media Lab?
We all forgot about acid rain and the hole in the ozon layer and we didn't die yet.
[META]Even the weather can be an anti-Trump hitpiece...
How an Elite University Research Center Concealed Its Relationship with Jeffrey Epstein
Not pretending your kid is another gender is now "an act of violence" in Canada.
Russia Formally Warns Google, Facebook Against Election 'Interference' &amp; Meddling: Ironically this comes the same week Facebook, Google, Twitter and Microsoft held meetings with US federal agencies to strategize over how to prevent foreign election meddling in 2020.
Bitcoin Scammer, Who Stole Nearly $68 Mln, Beaten to Death by Crime Partners
How Syria Defeated the 2012-2019 Invasion by the US &amp; Al-Qaeda: Syria’s army and Russia’s air force are no longer being threatened with World War III by the US and its allies if they proceed to destroy the tens of thousands of Al-Qaeda-led jihadists whom the US had helped to train and arm.
The new Jack Ryan TV show
It is right there..plain sight.
Marijuana "no medical benefit"
Are Jeffrey Epstein's secrets buried with him? Leonard Goodman, a Chicago criminal defense attorney, breaks down the most pressing questions.
OJ is innocent
Frightening New World: The Five Strangest Manifestations of Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Post removed from r/physics for exposing quantum
Please stop calling anyone you disagree with a shill. Just because some people don't believe in the 9/11 conspiracy theory does not mean that they don't believe other conspiracies like JFK oe mkultra
Was Mother Theresa a child trafficker?!
These articles are trying to establish the idea that Trump is psychologically unfit to be prosecuted. They want to keep him away from prison time by making us think he was 'mentally ill' while all the corruption happend. He is not mentally ill, he is just a corrupt, narcissist old man.
(((Noel Ignatiev))) Professor at Massachusetts school of art “Treason to whiteness (europeans) is loyalty to humanity”
UFO Nuke Association
How An Élite University Research Center Concealed Its Relationship with Jeffrey Epstein
Sen Pan a Freemason and part of the a*enda
Shot in the dark. It was on BBC News, around 10 years ago, article and video presenting a drone that can stay in air 24 hours and can collect video stream on entire city. More details in description, someone have a link or archive?
Kamala Harris: Oil industry should be held accountable for climate crisis
Just yesterday India’s Chandrayaan 2 lunar lander mission failed, yet we are expected to believe that 6 manned missions to the moon were successful 50 years ago.
Endless farm cycle
Does anyone remember the “Hubble” telescope being named the Hubbel Telescope? Starting to believe this CERN / alt-verse / Mandela stuff
The Hidden (And Not So Hidden) Messages in Stanley Kubrick’s “Eyes Wide Shut”
Tinder throws random matches at you to keep you confidence up so you keep swiping
Help finding link to occult symbols of 911
Quantum computers are interfering from a parallel universe: Looking for sustenance
Found this gem posted outside my work
What happened to Mick Foleys son?
Quantum computers are interfering from a parallel universe: Looking for sustenance
Does anyone else remember the Mona Lisa not smiling for a brief period of time?
Does anyone else remember the Mona Lisa not smiling for a brief period of time?
"The Vaping Crisis"
2002 Landmarks on the Road to “1984” Orwellian Hell
This needs to be here. It’s literally crossposted from news ...good read.
Damn pharmaceutical industry
Russian physics researcher explains in a 2-hour interview the Soviet role in the Apollo moon-landing conspiracy
Swedish Scientist Proposes Cannibalism to Fight Climate Change
The end goal of deepfakes
were mu, lemuria and atlantis ever real?
Dave is showing us the truth, or at least trying to when he can.
Should An International Climate Crimes Tribunal Be Established? | Oxford Research Group
Get Your Free Numerology Report
Can anti-vaxxers on here explain this?
Reddit keeps blocking me
Information/ research about AI spiders?
Found this in my Berlin neighborhood. LBLogo?
Best Graphic tees Premium Men's T-Shirt Men's womens Tank Top T-Shirt V-Neck T-Shirt
US Military will now be part of fighting "Fake News"
what did he see?
#40 - Taylor Hudak Cofounder of the #FreeAssangeVigil Talking Assange &amp; ...
What happens after death? (won't let me post as textpost)
Coroner who performed Andrew Breitbart autopsy died from arsenic the day the pre-lim autopsy on Breitbart was released
Father locked up and facing charged after comments critical of judge
The Breitbart Coroner died the same day the pre-lim autopsy on Breitbart was released.
All of these people suddenly dying from vaping.. is this legit? I feel it’s big corporate scaring us... any input and thoughts?
"the medium is the message"
Alaskan University 9/11 Report &amp; suddenly photographs of Cheney multiple years afterward 'looking extremely concerned' with quote 'We may have to shoot down this aircraft!' No more photos of Cheney kicked back with his feet crossed on his desk. Someone is nervous propaganda.
7th Illegal alien accused of raping a child in Montgomery County, Maryland in the past month.
Chattanooga, Tennessee officer admits to raping 3 women while on duty
Anyone remember all of those anti vaccination posts????
Alleged unknown victim of Jeffrey Epstein &amp; others releases video speaking out
How Alliance of Intelligence &amp; Organized Crime Gave Rise to Jeffrey Epstein
The flint water crisis
My friends, before you judge too harshly, the Epstein case is as deep as it gets. Please read my working theory below.It’s a fun one and I would love to hear what y’all think or can add onto this!
Air Force crew made an odd stop on a routine trip: Trump’s Scottish resort
Video footage of the actual collapse of the Pentagon. No plane in sight pre-collapse. No plane in sight post-collapse. RIP. Lock-up Don Rumsfeld #terrorist #criminal
Something I've Noticed Lately
Air Force crew made an odd stop on a routine trip: Trump’s Scottish resort
The Current Wikipedia DDOS attack is a test for an upcoming DDOS attack on the upcoming US elections. Cyber security experts have been warning of one since the midterms.
I liked this song decades ago, but just rewatched the video
India Loses Contact with Vikram Lander During Historic Moon Landing Attempt - What do many here in conspiracy have to say about this? If the USA never landed on moon due to the factually fake footage. Then are any of these others actually going there? Help from ET's? What do you think?
Epstein info rabbit hole. 460 pages.
[META] Disarmament for thee, but none for me. Michael Bloomberg, the globalist who likely hasn't been more than 50 yds away from a gun in decades, is trying to disarm the American public.
Connection down on multiple big sites and companies
The amount of posts the last few days about the 9/11 study
Following up on strange occurrences in my town... pt. 3
India Mysteriously Loses Contact with Probe Just as It Prepares to Land on Moon. I’m surprised this isn’t getting talked about more on here!
[META]I've figured out why Scholastic Inc. is using its privileged access to American public schools to push moral degeneracy and other globalist propaganda on kids.
[META]Scholastic is a publisher that has privileged access to US public school children. Why is it abusing this access to push the globalists agenda moral degeneracy on kids? The usual reason....
Negative Chapelle reviewers are self-aware and can now frame this to demonstrate the pros of being anti-establishment
Internet outages in the North East of U.S. let's get a conspiracy thread going.
Tim Pool: HOLY FUCK "A prominent Swedish lawyer who represented A$AP Rocky in his Stockholm assault case has been shot in the head and chest in an 'ambush attack'"
Widespread Vaping Sickness
This website is a manufactured echo-chamber designed to create extremist. Arguing with bots and useful idiots created by bots is literally sucking your life away. Today's Reddit is the cancer of the internet created solely to turn healthy minds into sick minds. Take my advice. RUN.
This website is a manufactured echo-chamber designed to create extremist. Arguing with bots and useful idiots created by bots is literally sucking your life away. Reddit is the cancer of the internet created to healthy minds into sick minds. Take my advice. RUN.
Proof of NSA involvement in the "Targeted individual" phenomena
YouTube isn't even YouTube anymore
Billie Eilish's New Song "all the good girls go to hell" full of satanic shit
Harvard and the Making of the Unabomber [Removed from /TIL post by /u/SulaimanWar ]
Feds Demand Apple And Google Hand Over Names Of 10,000+ Users Of A Gun Scope App
Israel treats their animals right.
Project Godzilla: The Secret FEMA Directive that required all buildings above a certain height to be pre-installed with demolition systems. If this is true... there is a good chance that office building you are working in, is (quite literally) a time bomb. FOIA FEMA!!!
EDM CONCERT CONCERT CONSPIRACY/STORIES
The (un)ironic fact that Zionists supported Hitler. The founder of Zionism, in 1897, wanted to increase Anti-Semitism, to cause Jews to suffer in order to empower Zionism. Even stating "The anti-Semites shall be our best friends."
I'm starting to think that all the hype on vaping is being motivated by big tobacco lobby. What is never mentioned is how many vaping products are purchased against how many deaths and hospitalization. I'm sure it can only be .01%, but here we are with a national concern pushed by media.
Which of them created a biological weapon to attack food sources? Is it the US or is it China? Something smells funny in this article... giving the "trade war". [May 10, 2019 05/10/19 10/05/19]
If individual states can come together from small government and fight for civil freedom, there might be a chance.
There is no such thing as outer space
Christine Blasey Ford Lawyer exposes her as a FRAUD
Joe Biden is secretly a Lizard Person- and that’s why he should be President
Go For 'Woke': Children's Book Publisher Promotes Bisexuality, Political Activism At School Fair
Join us in mass meditation to heal negative energy created by child ritual sacrifice! Also how to reactivate your merkaba field
ALEX JONES (Full Show) Friday - 9/6/19 (LIVE)
The CIA is the biggest drug trafficker &amp; dealer in world, facilitated by 900 overseas U.S. military bases in the transportation of heroin, cocaine and other drugs. Some background of MK-ULTRA too.
President Macron and the current governor of the central bank of France are apprentices of the Jesuits.
The occult symbolism of Saturn.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr: Vaccine Big Pharma has total legal immunity. “The pharmaceutical industry is so powerful. They give $5.4 billion a year to the media. They’ve gotten rid of the lawyers, so there is no legal interest in those cases. They control the debate and silence people like me".
After the Argentinan farming communities started using Monsanto products on 1996 the country started having a lot of cases of hypothyroidism, chronic respiratory illnesses and different types of cancer.
President Trump’s cabinet consists of several wealthy elites, including Goldman Sachs, Bilderberg, and former Rothschild banker, Wilbur Ross. Ross bailed Trump out of bankruptcy in the early 90’s, and repaid the favor, making him sec. of commerce years later.
The Catholic Church stole at least 300,000 Spanish babies and still faces trials because of its crimes to this day.
Facebook has leaked 419 million phone numbers
Houston man first to be indicted for bump stock possession since federal ban
The truth about elite privelege is starting to surface.
Dave Chappelle is wearing a dress
Psychopathy plagues the world
The RNC plans to cancel primaries in several states.
Kristan T Harris on DEBT NATION discussing Transhumanism
mk ultra, their handlers, and the elites that control them
Psychopathy plagues the world
NOAA Backtracks; Confirms Trump’s Sharpie-Altered Hurricane Map
Bahamas Hurricane Dorian death toll will be 'staggering' with THOUSANDS still missing as bodies pile up
Conspiracy that is slowly turning to be true
ALEX JONES (Full Show) Friday - 9/6/19 (LIVE NOW)
PBS Frontline reports Flint water plant foreman warned in 2014: ‘People are gonna die’
MK Ultra -- glitches, their handlers, and the elites that control them (Christian themed video, so beware when clicking on this video) (p.s: address the video, the argument, and if you are not religious, ignore or skip the Christian themed aspects of the video and skip straight to what you see)
The windowless Impossible Foods (makers of the "meatless" Impossible Burger) factory in Silcon Valley is located 213ft from Planned Parenthood. And meat can be grown from stem cells.
U.S. Government Orders Apple and Google to Identify Users of a Gun Scope App
MKUltra Survivor Interviews and Drawings: Facilities, Perps, Torture Methods, and a Connection to an Unsolved Murder
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed: Military trial for alleged 9/11 plotters schedule to begin in 2021
Dave Chappelle Special
Popeye’s chicken sandwich doesn’t exist
What warning signs do you think we should be paying more attention to?
From an old warhammer book on topic of suicide.
In 2012 Israel nearly carried out a secret strike against Iran
"Strong support for Trump linked to willingness to persecute immigrants, suggests a new study in Nature Human Behaviour, which found that people who strongly identify with Trump say they are more willing to commit violence against immigrants." &lt;--- #5 on reddit.com. Totally not propaganda.
✈️#911Truth Part 13: Helicopter Footage of the Twin Towers Turning to Dust (Fast Forward 45X Speed)
With all of the 9/11 talk going on right now, I think we sometimes forget about Bush flying over Louisiana after Katrina only to look down on people screaming for help from their rooftops. This is a good article about the way he handled Katrina being “the last straw”. Enjoy!
With all of the 9/11 talk going on right now, I think we sometimes forget about Bush flying over Louisiana after Katrina and looking down on people screaming for help from their rooftops! This is a good article on Katrina being the “final straw” Enjoy!
Ghislaine Maxwell's Creepy Art has Symbols of lil' Boy Lover
CNN- MSNBC Inundate Viewers with 145 Minutes of ‘Sharpiegate’
A$ap Rocky's Lawyer Shot, Perpetrator Still at Large
Joe Biden's bloody eye may be a reaction to illuminati eye-punch ritual. When they hit him it weakened the blood vessels.
Reddit pan, like the god pan , reddit is compromised by the Saturn cult
How the CIA, Mossad and “the Epstein Network” are Exploiting Mass Shootings to Create an Orwellian Nightmare
The Lies That Form Our Consciousness and False Historical Awareness
Communication To Chandrayaan 2 Moon Lander Lost : ISRO
💥 How Zionist Israel is Robbing America Blind!
Recent news reports of ‘vaping causes lung diseases’
Aliens: Future AI Synthetics
The real reason why they want brexit
[META]George Soros Is Lobbying Lawmakers To Take Your Guns Away. Once again, we see that the globalists are attempting to disarm the public and subvert the 2nd Amendment.
Dr. Michael E. Salla Believes Bush Invaded Iraq to Prevent Saddam Hussein (Who is Reincarnation of Nebuchadnezzar) From Opening A Portal Which Would Release an Alien Invasion Through a Stargate Left There by Anunnaki
Airlines mechanic sabotages flight.
Steven King's "It" was based on his knowledge of Adrenochrome.
How long do pedos usually get locked up for?
Professional sports are scripted.
9/11 and Jeffrey Epstein: Media Malfeasance on Steroids ~ The New York Times™, America’s newspaper of record, has the investigative talent and resources to expose major corruption in New York. Why did the Times spend almost two decades ignoring the all-too-obvious antics of Epstein and Silverstein?
EA paid reddit to censor posts linking to or offering the link for the "most downvoted post on reddit" (sense of pride and acconplishment)
I LOVE conspiracies!
Big Brother Watch | Schools show CCTV of pupils' behaviour to parents
Pornhub seems to be astroturfing
Pornhub’s seems to be astroturfing
Does anyone here practice The Secret (Law of Attraction/Manifestation)?
Court rules that father cannot stop his child from transitioning. The state is now the parent.
Remember who owns the news.
9/11 Whistleblowers: Kevin Ryan | In the early 2000s, Kevin Ryan was the site manager at Environmental Health Laboratories. On November 11, 2004, he wrote directly to Frank Gayle, the director of NIST’s Twin Towers investigation. The following week, he was fired. This is his story.
In-Depth Interview with Author Kris Newby and Prof. Mark Crispin Miller About the Secret History of Lyme Disease and Biological Weapons
Football fans....
This is what it looks like when someone is arrested for human trafficking. Where is Epstein's video?
This is what it looks like when a person is arrested for human trafficking. Where is the video of Epstein's arrest?
Google was in bed with Hillary in 2016
Ghostbusters 9-11 Message
How China Weaponizes Social Media to Sway Perceptions on Hong Kong Protests
Serious question- if a large amount of TPTB are paedophiles , then why aren't they slowly trying to make it legal/more socially accepted?
Israel spearheaded 9/11 and the US knew it. This here is an amazing 57 min. video detailing Israel's ties to 9/11. Oddly, it has hardly any views. Everyone should watch this.
Shadows
Surprised to see this while I was out doing groceries.
Time traveller
True Lies 9-11 Message
Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan Series: How Much Do You Think He Got Right?
Has anyone else experienced these problems?
TIL about a secret program called "Godzilla": a Clinton Administration initiative that required all buildings over a certain height, to pre-install explosives for the purpose of demolition -- aka the "Godzilla Emergency System and Protocol"
This what life without retirement savings looks like. Should be renamed...this is what happens when Bush Sr &amp; Bill Clinton sent US jobs to slave wage labor countries so Walmart could slap "Made in USA" flag stickers over Chinese crap.
10tv chief meteorologist Mike Davis released from jail after $50.000 bond Child Porn arrest
Melania Trump is an illegal immigrant and should be deported.
Something critical to note as it relates to the Epstein story is that this seems personally to me to be a very high level of propaganda at its apex.
Werner Von Braun’s book, Project Mars, talks about a “United States Space Force” who were “Barbarians in the sky”. This book also stated “Elon” would be Leader on Mars.
How come none of you bots are talking about “The 28 pages”?
If You Frequent and Post in This Sub, You Really Need to Learn About OpSec To Protect Yourself For the Future
Red gloves- is Melania in the Illuminati?
"WTC building 7 did not collapse due to fire". No shit ?!! And we waited 18 years for this conclusion! Next thing they tell us Bofa. Bofa what ?
[Corbett Report] Excellent new 9/11 series - 9/11 Whistleblowers
#MikePompeo is a reflection of "the culture" from which he's emerged #WestPoint #HarvardLaw
Air freshener makes you dumber and it’s brought to you by the same people who decided to put fluoride in your water.
Is this how they will introduce Sesame Credit to the US?
Is anyone able to make out what medication was in Kurt Cobains heroin box?
I called NIST to asked for comment on the new UAF WTC7 study. They did not have a comment at this time.
Where Eyes Wide Shut Meets Social Credit Scores | Truthstream Media
Whole Foods CEO on plant-based meat boom: Good for the environment but not for your health
New World Order-Help me understand
Ted Kazyncski and MKUltra Harvard experiment number two on Front Page with 25k+ upvote; disappears the moment I sign in to post here.
Jesus is really the Greek God Dionysus, and the Roman God Bacchus
Kurt Cobain died April 5, 1994.....Post Malone was born July 4 1995
Mohammed Prophet of Islam 1/2 By Manly P. Hall
Epstein was a CIA/Intelligence Puppet/Pawn in the Game. Who's to say he really owned anything, even that damn island?
Chinese Tech and Telecom tycoon Huawei advertising on Beto O'Rourke's attack on internet disinformation
In light of the recent UAF Engineering Report re: Building 7: Larry Silverstein Designed New WTC-7 One Year Before Attacks
Even the LGBT community knows that sex conversion therapy is harmful
Rockland County GOP not backing down, will re-air "antisemitic" ad attacking jews.
What is your take on what went down on 9/11/2001?
Interesting TIL
Home Alone 9-11 Message
Breaking, Las Vegas Shooting Smoking Gun, Langdon Taxi video shows helicopters, was edited out by LVRJ
Do Shadows Exist?
Is Donald Trump's flaccid DOJ going to stay soft with Ghislane Maxwell and others?
To Defeat the $1 Trillion Big Pharma Statin Hustle, You Can take Red Yeast Rice and Nattokinase and Get the Exact Same Results Naturally and in a More Balanced Way
Back to the Future 9-11 Message
Facebook is lying. So the top part says two of my friends donated to this fundraiser, one of which happens to be my roomate. So I asked him if he and he said no he did not. Furthermore, FB always says that a friend liked a random Company page like Allstate for example, when they absolutely did not.
You cannot save the planet by changing your diet.
DMVs Are Selling Your Data to Private Investigators - You gave them your data in exchange for a driver’s license. DMVs are making tens of millions of dollars selling it, documents obtained by Motherboard show.
Hair is a lie created by the government.
Founder of Snopes Allegedly Embezzled $98,000 for Prostitutes During His Divorce
“Kanye buys $14million property in Wyoming” love how they just buried this little fun side note in the bottom.
Dr Robert Duncan - systemy kontroli i technologia "hive mind"
Left/Right is divide and conquer. We fight each other while the corrupt prosper.
What did Obama actually do for poor people?
“Question everything with boldness, even the very existence of God.”
Just some more Mainstream Reddit posts where you can’t link any sort of truth to 9/11 without being downvoted. If it’s the time to honor victims, let’s honor them by pursuing the truth!
Chinese Tech and Telecom giant Huawei advertising on Beto O'Rourke's attack on internet disinformation
Pamela Anderson on the View
Judge overseeing release of documents relating to Virginia Giuffre’s defamation case lays down roadmap of unsealing procedures.
Professional Hacker For Hire!
I remember listening to Jordan Maxwell a while back and he said that ppl with Asperger’s are closely monitored by the state and the police.
The UK government may well be drawing out Brexit negotiations to push their newer 'anti-terror' acts through without scrutiny. These important bills are being passed frequently recently, with very little debate, as Brexit is overshadowing the proceedings.
Conspiracy for techies. “It's time. I'm dropping docs on SCL, Cambridge Analytica &amp; AggregateIQ + others. This is a big subject &amp; people need to be able to find this... “
University-study-concludes-fire-did-not-bring-down-building-7-on-9-11
Die Hard 9-11 Message
Government and GMP ask for some evidence to be kept secret at Manchester Arena bomb inquests
Virginia Roberts denies accusations by Prince Andrew's friends that the famous photo was faked
9/11 Whistleblowers - KEVIN RYAN (corbettreport.com)
9/11 Whistleblowers - KEVIN RYAN (corbettreport.com)
Social Credit Score USA
/u/HibikiSS is Spamming the Entire Sub with Jesuit Posts
NYPost OpEd makes sense on why/how conspiracies are allowed to flourish
A Christian perspective on the NWO
Remember the outcry when the Dems rigged the primaries in Clinton's favour? Trump's challengers won't even get primaries.
'A$AP Rocky's Swedish Lawyer Shot in head and chest in Stockholm'
Hillary Clinton a guest at the EU Economic "Ambrosetti Forum" in Italy. Interesting list on Wikipedia of past attendees.
THE TRUTH - about CERN, flat earth, the illuminati, and everything else
What did he done this time?
Iranian engineer recruited by Dutch intelligence helped CIA and Mossad deliver Stuxnet virus: Stuxnet was a joint cyber sabotage program that was devised and executed by the United States and Israel, with crucial assistance from Germany and France. Now we know Holland was involved.
Major University Study Finds "Fire Did Not Bring Down Tower 7 On 9/11"
'It's a tip of an iceberg': Bulgarian journo reveals how US-purchased arms end up with ISIS in Yemen
FAQ NYC ep. 48 - Epstein
The film “Bad Teacher” is FULL of predictive programming. Where are all the esoteric/occultist film analysis people at? Let’s start a discussion.
The Jesuits control the Federal Reserve. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
A reminder that the campaigns of both candidates during the last elections were managed by Catholics and apprentices of the Jesuits.
The Jesuits control Peru's central bank. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
The Jesuits were responsible for the creation of the anti-Semitic myths, which started with their demonization of the Jews and the Rothschilds in their magazine La Civilita Cattolica as part of an international Jewish conspiracy.
Revisiting The Sunspot Observatory Closure, new details and theories
Four DeepStaters are named by Overstock CEO as attempting a soft coup; Where is the investigation?
Copy cat: Chinese firm creates first cloned kitten
Feds Order Apple And Google To Hand Over Names Of 10,000+ Users Of A Gun Scope App
The 3 scenes from the movie NETWORK that perfectly describes our current situation.
Major University Study Finds "Fire Did Not Bring Down Tower 7 On 9/11"
Just start googling
The Jeffrey Epstein timeline. July to September.
Ritual killings in Hong Kong: 6/9/2019 LIVE
The most damning evidence proving that school shooting are being faked!
EPA document supports ~3% of atmospheric carbon dioxide is attributable to human sources
Ban them from school books: Christian groups says dinosaurs a lie from SATAN and NASA to corrupt out children's minds.
Jail where Jeffrey Epstein died has egregious history of security breaches
Detective Who Led Epstein Investigation Died After “Brief Illness” At 50
What We Know One Year After The Mysterious Evacuation of Sunspot Observatory
Military officer 'shot an extraterrestrial' back in 1978
A New Book about MK Ultra and the Mysterious Death of Frank Olson in 1953
Leaked Islamic State in Yemen's supply chain of weapons shows US taxpayers financing ammo/grenades and DoD handling the logistics.
The $1 Trillion pharma conspiracy that no one ever talks about : Statins
Sell me on gematria. From a cynical point of view I think its just pattern recognition, I havent seen anything mystical about assigning numbers to letters and finding a pattern.
Is hell bent to descend on Hong Kong in the October 5th?
Monumental University Study Finds "Fire DID NOT Bring Down Tower 7 on 9/11". This is the clearest 'proof' yet provided that explosives were used to bring down the WTC buildings on 9/11. This breaths new life into one of the biggest theories out there.
RNC Rigs Primaries for Trump
Eyes Wide Shut
CIYL Child Help Foundation
They tried to make me a doctor.
Is Instagram eavesdropping?
Why does Reddit keep giving me ultra right wing push notifications?
XR Web - Decentralised Protocol for Spatial XR Apps
YSK Projectveritas released "Google Document Dump". These leaked internal Google documents show Google is influencing results by their own political ideology.
Water's Best Kept Secret
This Sunday on BBC2; The Conspiracy Files; George Soros
Jeffery Epstein buried in unmarked grave with family names removed - Diaspora
Hurricane Dorian
The new 9/11 report is being put out by the University of Alaska Fairbanks (the very same university that owns/operates HAARP, since 2015)?
ContraPoints: I'm Embarrassed For Dave Chappelle
Human Cloning - Donald Marshall
Disney Music Executive Charged with Child Sex Abuse
Old Reddit &gt; New Reddit : The Daggers.
How To Sell Your House Fast &amp;#8226 Tips On Selling A Home Quickly
Exposing Onision: Child Grooming 🤮
Memo reveals a House Republican strategy on shootings: downplay white nationalism, blame left
ALTERITY EXPERIENCE
Current State of News - think how many people rely on news
Possible symbolics in logo of National Center for Missing &amp; Exploited Children
Israel created ISIS/IS for the benefit of their nation.
Richard Stallman speaking at Microsoft
Also we need those Rapefugees breeding like rabbits taking over your towns and cities because we don't have enough kids! (Corporate) Socialism is ebic! Who cares about the nation anyway? Consume product. We are your friends
iExec RLC gets listed on Atomars Exchange!
MUST WATCH!! Most powerful weapons in the world 2019
HAARP weather manipulation
Does anyone else think these hurricanes are being manipulated?
Major University Study Finds "Fire Did Not Bring Down Tower 7 On 9/11"
The Order of Seclorum are planning the apocalypse
The Pentagon Wants More Control Over the News. What Could Go Wrong?
Ingraham: Dictators in training
I just posted a meme to my facebook... and look what popped-up right underneath: "Related Articles" (so basically f*ck you Zuckerberg)
Opponents of CA vaccine bill SB276 announce a request for Department of Justice to investigate actions surrounding creation of the bill, which would remove medical exemptions for vaccines, except for coma and anaphylaxis reactions.
It is harmful to our country and democracy to continue to deny the 'third party.'
If huge celebrities and musicians come from favored bloodlines why are so many of their extended and immediate family members working/living middle class lives?
2000s: Muslims/Arabs demonized as terrorists in ploy to strip away privacy rights and presumption of innocence. 2010s: Conservatives/Whites demonized as terrorists in ploy to strip away gun rights and freedom of speech.
TheUnmasking is Here
MSNBC deliberately censors and deletes Andrew Yang...with proof
The Pronouns Song
Elaborate
Opponents of CA vaccine bill SB276 announce a request for Department of Justice to investigate actions surrounding creation of the bill. Attorney Leigh Dundas says some state officials were trying to break Federal privacy law (FERPA) by trying to pass around vax exemption records
Is there a resource to look up names of the deceased? Homeless conspiracy theorist blogger possibly dead.
2 party conspiracy
CA SB276, removing medical exemptions for vaccines, has been found to be the result of a several year conspiracy by the CA medical board. Recordings of proceedings reveal violation of privacy of medical records. Leigh Dundras, attorney is requesting federal investigation.
When Will Big City Democrats Stop Enabling Illegal Immigration? The answer is: When Republicans can no longer win a federal election.
9/11
In the current political climate The Uniparty(establishment Repubs/Dems) brand themselves as centrists. The media the Uniparty controls gives their bullhorn to the extremists on both sides so you vote for the centrists.
Does conspiracy culture attract people with victim mentalities?
Béchamp vs. Pasteur &amp; The Germ Theory Hoax Part 1 - A Conspiracy Of Bad Science &amp; Death
Joe Biden KKK Supporter!
Why all the focus on the president?
Elon Musk - Tesla? [shit post]
Where are the files then?
9/11 names
Another MSM delusional assumption
Trump used HAARP to change direction of Dorian so that it would miss Mar-a-Lago
Where did the post of Beverly Eckhert go?
Another MSM chasing the herd thinking
Has anyone noticed recently that sorting posts by 'new' just gives you a list of recent posts not necessarily the latest posts &amp; many are duplicated over &amp; over?
What are we really?
Nuclear 9/11 Revealed | Covert Geopolitics
Hungary Bases Policy Success On “Christianity Regaining Its Strength In Europe”!
Russia Offered To Sell Trump Hypersonic Weapons – Putin
I stumbled on a crazy Australian guys vlogs on YouTube earlier. I noticed something in this video, and discovered he's fraud. Which lead to an eye opening realization about how susceptible we are to being misled on any level no matter how much feel we've removed our blinkers and awoken to the world
Underwater Data Station in Baltic Sea Disappears
Haven’t seen any Dove Cameron conspiracies here yet, so I’ll start with a video of her and a Disney movie director.
DeepFakes were created by governments to squash uprisings and create distrust among citizens.
Congratulations to all you boot licking sycophants who work to destroy the freedoms we have. You fell right into the ruler's hands.
14 Declassified Government Documents That Are Actually Terrifying
Slowly taking away our ability to communicate outside of the controlled mechanisms
Would never expect this out of Buzzfeed
Is there a reason this alien video is not being talked about??
The Apollo Moon Landings: A Conspiracy
Is this just an Arby’s logo? Or...?
Question
Racist racist get really triggered when their lies about Donald Trump get disproven
The Pentagon Wants to Use DARPA to Police Internet News – War Could Go Wrong?
It is so obvious that it was an inside job
Extremely low/non-existent mainstream coverage; as to be expected.
Haven’t seen this posted yet. Walmart, Walgreens, and CVS &amp; Others have issued an official statement where they are prohibiting firearms being carried on property even with a open/concealed carry permit.
Military enlistment
What are we going to do about it?
Alexa recorded me and replayed my recorded sentences I just said five second prior.
Large underwater observatory off the coast of Germany in the Baltic Sea mysteriously disappears.
I’m on the marijuana currently...blow my mind with your best weirdest conspiracies please
Latest "Vaping" deaths a real issue or a ploy by Big Pharma?
China listening to phones?
Do as I say not as I do
A small list if lies about trump
The WingMakers and Time Travel. This just might change your life.
Don’t forget that William Cooper warmed us about mass shooting and gun control.
What do you guys think about that? They can basically reverse the aging process..
Joe Biden's Eye Fills With Blood During CNN Climate Town Hall.
Help spread the truth. What a conspiracy.
Psychopathy plagues the world
Here's a good read on just how non efficient MCC was/is.
Meme
*Israel, Tactical Nukes &amp; 9/11 | The Day America Was Punked
China India: China rules out India's entry into NSG without 'consensus' on allowing non-NPT countries. Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG). Non [nuclear] Proliferation Treaty (NPT). I am in full agreement with China's current policy on NSG membership. It is a good one. Safer for the world.
Subs opinion?
There’s this too.
Wow wow a Buzzfeed article on declassified government docs. A win for us skeptics?
at school this happened idek if this is the place to post it .im going to anyways though
Why do the elites push Diversity on us?
Astronomers Find Top-Secret US Surveillance Satellite Thanks to Trump tweet
NASA has partnered with McDonald's and Snoopy to brainwash a new generation of kids into believing that the gigantic hoax that we went to the moon.
Beverly Eckert
Does anyone else experience youtube’s “Watch History” feature “forgetting” most videos you’ve watched?
Theory about god
Qa q
Jeffery Epstein buried in unmarked grave with family names removed - Diaspora
Brexit or dead in a ditch
An Essay I wrote about the facts behind chentrails. Why they are real, what makes them possibly dangerous. And I wrote it from a fairly unbiased perspective.
Just heard on the radio earlier today that in my area (WNY) elementary kids that go potty “too much” need to have a doctors note to use the bathroom during school.
Should we be worried about DARPA's urgency to find a massive underground testing facility?
Jim Carrey says what Osama bin Laden did was terrible but he doesn't hold a candle to Mitch McConnell'
Full 95 page pdf of his little black book
Actual information on polar bear populations is pretty hard to find on google and even duckduckgo
Connecticut Trade Center Attack Roles with Other States and Nations
Going to take a healthy crack at this rabbit hole......... "Ark of Gabriel" What's going on with that? Has there really been one? What is up with the star Sirius, and what is going on with the star "Osirus?" Why did the Ancient Egyptians know so much about the way the stars "moved" in the sky?
Here are your real rulers; the top 10 individual campaign contributors in the US. 7 out of 10 have something in common. What do you think that is?
If you are interested in participating in a live talk show forum, please check out the Republic Broadcasting (RBN) Program Schedule ... we'd be happy to have you participate.
Bipartisan Panel of Scientists Confirms Humans are not Responsible for Past 20,000 Years of Global Warming
Whats up with all these young girls having masculine features?
Alternatives
Salem Witch Trials
Canada Becoming A ChiCom Base To Attack USA
Dave Chappelle to Trump supporters - "You dumb motherfuckers. You are poor. He's fighting for me."
LEAKED DATA: facebook Dating used to give AIDS virus via bio=cybernetic technology for Earth Depopulation Agenda | Georgia Guide Stones | UN 2030 | Kabbalah Cult
For those interested: Understanding 9/11: A Television News Archive / Explore 3,000 hours of international TV News from 20 channels over 7 days
Did Pat Buchanan co-found the [CIA-front] "Congress for Cultural Freedom" with Thomas Braden? This deleted article by PrisonPlanet.com makes the claim, but provides no source
Mick west is the biggest bullshit peddler I've heard in a very long time.
Biden's Escalating Iraq War Lies - Accuracy.Org. Claims now that he opposed 2nd Gulf war from the outset, a whopper of a lie. He spoke and voted pro-war in 2003. Claimed the nonexistant Iraqi WMD were real, so he pimped for Bush jr.
Don't know where to write it.My friend just searched "does Sun produce CO2 on earth?" Because I told him sun plays huge role in climate change we are doomed.
MacAulay Culkin: Satanic Hollywood Elites Murder Children During Rituals!
The Federal Reserve Act was delivered to the White House by J.P. Morgan Jr personally. The Federal Reserve was created by, and serves the interests of, the money trust.
Surprise! citizen Credit Score is here. Scores are based on your political view. Democrat-controlled Business and Governments are actively targeting conservatives. San Francisco Portland New York Facebook Amazon Apple Google Twitter Paypal Patreon Stripe Chase Cloudflare Uber Airbnb
9/11 - BBC / Paid and trained to LIE - THIS you got to see!
Did Pat Buchanan co-found the [CIA-front] "Congress for Cultural Freedom" with Thomas Braden? This deleted article by PrisonPlanet.com makes the claim, but provides no source
Reminder that the BBC (British Broadcasting Company) is state-sponsored propaganda with just as much bias and motive to lie as RT (Russia Today). Be wary of anyone who tries to use clever word-play to pretend they are different.
Photos of a tr3b?
Hmmmm 🤔
Looking for a link that was on here a while ago......
Reddit just deleted my comments about CO2 pollution causing climate change being a hoax.
Why is Reddit sympathizing so much this these person? Am I crazy to think 99% of their physical problems seem a little self inflicted?
Manhattan's Billionaires Row
Unquiet Graves: Documentary about the British Army regiment at the heart of a death squad's six-year campaign of terror in Ireland
Propaganda much?
People who believe every negative story about Trump is a lie: Did you believe the President is infallible? Or did it start with Trump because you needed someone to worship?
Weather machines alter path of Hurricane Dorian, anything to do with NC military training? Weather warfare?
Reminder: Every year in the recent years (like 30 years), ALL the rainforests in the world have been fired up and chopped, yet only this years when, and only the Amazon fires are covered up by the media
Help finding Wolfgang Halbigs documentary
Israel’s Many Wars - LewRockwell LewRockwell.com
Declassified FEMA docs show there's concern over a solar storm like the 1859 Carrington Event. It would wipe out power for 100 million Americans and take 10 years to recover from — one missed us by just 9 days in 2012. [2:49 in video]
Mindshares - a non controllable peer to peer funding of influencers
Mass Public Shootings keep occurring in Gun-Free Zones: 94% of attacks since 1950
Declassified FEMA docs show there's concern over a solar storm like the 1859 Carrington Event. It would wipe out power for 100 million Americans and take 10 years to recover from — one missed us by just 9 days in 2012. [2:49 in video]
Google's Employees Do Not Allow Their Children to Watch YouTube Alone
Age of Aquarius vs The Media
Who are "The WingMakers" ? What is "The Labyrinth Group" ?
Climate Change: The Hidden Agenda [Part 2/2] | Edge of Wonder
Penis muncher
Documentary “Gods chosen people” Zionism exposed.
Anyone know if this is true? I have never heard this but kinda makes me pissed off that more people don’t elude to this fact. If it is truly fact.
Here's what happened to WTC7
Many of the US Presidential coup d'etat plotters of the past 56 years seem to all belong to the Gibson Island Country Club in Maryland. Harold Arrowsmiths Nazi connections are relevant to the JFK Coup. Bob Woodward &amp; Nixon. Mueller &amp; Trump. Plus many more.
If Trump leaves office in 2021 he could end up in prison. Civil war soon.
People who fell for the MSM's Trump-Russia conspiracy: Did you have any prior distrust of the media? Or did you just believe that they were finally telling the truth for once?
When interacting with others, consider that half of them are dumber than the average person
9-11 explained in 5 minutes
How 'woke' can I get
George Soros behind Greta Thunberg | Nya Tider
Loch Ness Monster may be a giant eel, say scientists
The 11 September 2001 event is located in New York at Cliff Har Street
Meet Sarah Kellen. Her name is all over the Epstein case. Currently married to famous NASCAR driver Brian Vickers. Can someone please explain why this woman isn't being pressured to disclose everything she knows?
US Military Recruiters, anyone heard of a conspiracy regarding them?
Dept. of Homeland Security Forced to Release List of Keywords Used to Monitor Social Networking Sites; Forbes; May 26, 2012
‘Hundreds of People’ Could Be Named in Epstein-Related Documents Lawyer Says
Conspiracy special: church pastors being used by dhs to report dissent. Some pastors whistleblowing.
Why should you get into meditation? And why TPTB pray that you dont..
There is just no way Greater Israel could ever be the ultimate goal of the NWO. Playing with the idea of Hillary and Putin's WWIII. The Rothschilds vs the Jesuits. The Universal Empire and Frenzy Holocaust conspiracy theory.
The number of women in prison has been increasing at twice the rate of growth for men since 1980. Women in prison often have significant histories of physical and sexual abuse, high rates of HIV, and substance abuse problems.
Compilation of Holocaust denial arguments and how self-victimization strategy works.
The Federal Reserve, the EU Central Bank and the Bank of England are controlled by apprentices of the Jesuits.
If Rice Is So Bad, Why Are the Chinese So Thin? Sugar marketers, and Soy marketers can control your countries food culture.
The idea of duality when applied to freemasonry. A friendly fraternity or a secret society? Some interesting facts about the Rothschilds and other European oligarchs and also, what interesting facts do you know about freemasonry and other secret societies?
Five companies control 90% of the media in the US. These and companies on the outside are controlled by the CIA, the Jesuits and their apprentices.
The black pope used spies to obtain the complete plans for the largest ground invasion in military history, the German invasion of Russia in WWII.
The Jewish role in the German communist revolution of 1919, The Treaty of Versailles and The Munich agreement.
How come vaccinated people are so scared of unvaccinated when they argue that people who are vaccinated are protected from diseases?
Communism was tested by the Jesuits in Paraguay before the Russian revolution. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
The Jewish role in the Russian Communist revolution.
The Jesuits control the most dominant strain of Zionism and the Israel/Palestine dialectic. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
Lethal Weapon 9-11 Message
Israeli pharmaceutical firms test medicines on Palestinian prisoners.
Tulsi Gabbard Remains Low in ‘Approved’ DNC Polls Despite Popularity
Study: Yang, Gabbard Receive Disproportionately Small Media Coverage
Why should you get into meditation? And why TPTB hope that you dont...
Fascinating. Dorian Spins for 48 Hrs. Over Nefarious Chinese Installations in the Bahamas and Now China Says to Trump Let's Meet in October for Trade Negotiations
Norway Dog Disease Spreading, Kills Dogs Within 24 Hours. 7 Dogs Dead So Far. This Might Be Some New GMO Virus Elites Are Testing
Monetary Policy Is the Root Cause of the Millennials’ Struggle
How the DNC is unfairly tilting the field against Tulsi Gabbard
Let’s not forget Agenda 21
REMEMBER, You are not a pawn, you are not a drone. Times are changing and the powers that be are more vulnerable than ever. It’s time for the guilty to hang.
MFW University of Alaska concludes WTC did NOT collapse due to fire
I just typed "parania.com" on google and it redirected me to Disney's website?
The New World Order takes over wrestling
[meta] "Trumpworld Anxiety Grows Over a Rising Elizabeth Warren" &lt;-- w/ nearly 2000 upvoates @ r/politics, this is why /r/conspiracy is so popular
Go back to sleep England. Do not worry, your government has explained it all. You carry on as normal, there is nothing to worry about.
[meta] "Trumpworld Anxiety Grows Over a Rising Elizabeth Warren" (w/ nearly 2000 upvotes at /r/politics, this is the sh*t, right here...)
Hurricane Dorian oddity
Looking for a recent post connecting Stephen Paddock and Epstein.
MSM blatantly shows hypocrisy on their Front Page in an effort to further divide and sow chaos
Joe Biden
Trump Admin Is Considering Using Amazon Echo And Apple Watch To Determine If Citizens Should Own A Gun
WTC 7 Collapse - UAF - Draft Report Presentation [52:01]
The horrifying purpose of Special Atomic Demolition Munition units: 'We all knew it was a one-way mission, a suicide mission’
What are some good conspiracy theories that actually make sense and are believable?
The Lies About World War II
Can someone explain this?
How long until Jennifer Erin Talbot "commits suicide"
The takeover of our educational system through teacher unions
The First Lady of the United States is an illegal immigrant
Bernie Sanders: Abortions are a good way to control climate change due to population growth. — white liberals want people of color in poor countries to abort their offspring to “save the planet”
Making Sense of the War on Terror. Christopher Bollyn presents his collection of evidence that Israel did 9/11 to start the War on Terror and the Greater Israel Project. History of Israeli terrorism
Tesla and Free Energy
Yahoo News, The Phoenix FBI office and Problem &gt; Action &gt; Solution.
[Major Malfunction!!!] Biden's eye fills with blood during CNN climate town hall
Despite the corporate mainstream narrative being that Andrew Wakefield is not to be trusted, the medical community still see him as a hero and continue to publish his work, here's his latest (Fall 2019) in the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons
Despite the corporate mainstream narrative being that Andrew Wakefield is not to be trusted, the medical community still see him has a hero and continue to publish his work, here's his latest (2019) in the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons
john mayer posted this stuff about time travel on his instagram story yesterday!!
Could it be true?
University Study Concludes: Fire Did Not Bring Down Building 7 on 9/11
Democratic Presidential Race Is Down to Biden, Warren, and Sanders, Says Former Hillary Adviser
Serious Discussion: How would the world's economies function with free energy?
I so fucking told you, there will be no Brexit.
Ex-master Mason speak about Freemason politicians and police officers
A Third Of Brits Believe Islam Threatens British Way of Life, While the Take Over is Well Underway
Let's All "Go Looseleaf" Lol
Site godlikeproductions Run by Paedophile with Underground Dungeons in His Yard
Imagine aliens could observe Earth and rank today's countries by intimidation, corruption, and indifference towards terrorizing other countries. There would be a clear and obvious winner, and it wouldn't be Russia or China.
Something Strange Is Going on With the US Navy's Aircraft Carriers: Are US Aircraft Carriers being secretly fitted with protective electromagnetic "Tesla" shields?
Establishment Right and Left Call for COINTELPRO 2.0: COINTELPRO, then and now, is not about eliminating “hate,” it’s about eliminating the opposition
Chris Hedges discusses his legal case against Section 1021 of the 2012 NDAA and powers that have been granted to the state.
Proof Free Energy Could Power Your Home
BBC attempts to debunk the "conspiracy theory" that smart phones are listening in on conversations.
Epstein case is a limited hangout.
Jeffrey Epstein ‘sex slave list’ soars by hundreds as new 10,000 page document is made public
A general sidenote for those skeptics here and there
We are being lied to. (Not that you didn’t already know)
Venezuela slams Mastercard for halting card service
Odd connections between Shanksville crash site, and land-owners
Proof Revolutionary Free Energy Technology Is Being Suppressed by Governments
Judge Rules Terrorism Watchlist Violates Constitutional Rights
Chinese shoppers adopt facial payments in cashless drive
The new WTC 7 study has not even been peer reviewed yet, and it was not by any means a comprehensive study.
Unvaccinated Kids In New York State Will Be Kicked Out of School
The Allsides.com media bias rating of news outlets featured in googles news tab
Facebook debuts vaccine pop-up windows
America continues to privatize it's public lands
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio eyes license requirement for bike riders
Can you feel it? The elites are losing control on the designed reality that they used to easily craft for people to operate within. That feeling of chaos all around you isn't impending doom. It's the apocalypse, the literal unveiling of what this reality has always been...chaos.
A great video from Abby Martin, "Expanding The U.S. Empire"
U.S. Media Connections to the CFR, Trilateral Commission and Bilderberg Group
Proof Free Energy Technology is Being Suppressed in 9 Minutes
As Boris Johnson unleashes ultimate threat against Bremain capitalist faction, the British working class is suddenly in front of a unique opportunity
New paper (Fall 2019) warns that antibiotics and vaccines are creating a plague of childhood neurodevelopmental disorders - Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons
If you look close.
Reddit doesn't even hide their corporatism anymore
Holocaust 'masterpiece' causes uproar at Venice film festival
This blows holes in the official account related to #WTC7
Scientist Says Eating Human Flesh Will Save Planet From Climate Change
Strange Things Are Happening on Epstein Island: Drone Footage
Russians planted TV to destroy America
The traffic is very slow on this thread
Every single thread has some kind of “this theory is false” comment.
Andrew Luck Retired From The NFL To Play In The XFL
Really? Mendala effect and creepy Joe's eye? this sub is better than that, don't start filling it up with shit ffs.
The race to create a perfect lie detector – and the dangers of succeeding.
David Icke Reveals All
[Meta] No one knows what Trump and Putin discuss in their one-on-one meetings. That should set this subreddit on FIRE.
Footage from over 80,000ft (no fish-eye) shows no curvature to the earth.
The success of the Manhattan Project was due to its participants keeping it a secret from its start in 1942, to its conclusion in 1946. All in all, some 130,000 people were involved. A good counter to those who fail to understand how many people can keep a secret when the stakes are high enough.
Proof Free Energy Technology is Being Suppressed in 9 Minutes
He did it
Lawyer For Epstein's 'Madam' Says 'Hundreds Of Names' Contained In Upcoming Records Dump
Heath Ledger faked his death to strength the impact of his role as The Joker. After a 'facelift', he now goes by; Damon Herriman.
Spider-Man, Far From Home. 9/11
Like the government doesn’t do this regularly.
[Meta] The structural problems we face as a society are not the result of psychopathic conspirators at the top; psychopathic conspirators are a symptom of the structural problems we face.
Reddit promoting racial divide
Man Claims He Was Part Of The CIA's Secret Time Travel Program
JP Morgan, where's that cocaine?
Xbox One X Giveaway
For any Trump supporters out there, I have some information about him and I would genuinely like to know what you think
Loch Ness Monster may be giant eel, say scientists
Hidden Messages Within Media Pictures Re: Epstein
Mainstream media is completely ignoring this, which further validates their agenda of control and disinformation.
The Parisian flat of Epstein was visited just after his death (French article)
BBC claims "phones secretly listening to you" is a myth, while showing Facebook uses MORE data in a noisy room than a silent one
Iran tanker: US offered captain millions to hand over ship
Car Service In New York
ISIS weapons in Yemen traced back to US government
Andrew Breitbart’s death is a cover up. His coroner, killed by arsenic. Truth is in new documentary.
The true face of American anti-Semitism is primarily anti-Orthodox
The Parisian flat of Epstein was visited just after his death (French article)
Mandatory vaccines are a form of population control.
Is the Hockey Stick Graph real?
China is letting Hong Kong destroy itself to produce a 5G Monopoly and divert persecution.
The Florida Powerball Lottery says they have no records on Epstein winning the lottery. Only 3 year history.
Dig on this.
Congratulations to the german state of Saxony, where 121% of voters cast their vote. Political apathy among voters? Not here!
Is this true?
Is it possible that infant 'incubators' are doing far more harm than good?
Parking lot 'SMART' LED lights blinking like crazy for 2 weeks, never saw this before. 5G/Mind control?
Weather manipulation
Your attention span has been ruined.
Abdullah Morsi 24, son of former Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi, dies from a heart attack while driving his car in Cairo
Google collecting info on people who never had the internet. Not surprising, still creepy. xD
Is this not the same guy? Hurricane and Sandy hook.
Give prophecy a chance; it is more consistent with history than you can imagine.
Your cellphone is making you vibrate at a lower less happy frequency
The Case for Term Limits - Congress has given us $22 trillion in debt, the longest war in American history, a broken health care system, a broken immigration system, a tax code written by lobbyists, and an explosion of money in politics.
Sovereign immunity - a legal doctrine putting monarchy, the head of the catholic church and much of the federal government (as well as the state) above the law.
Trying to break free of Satanic media industry? Katy Perry wears an anti-cult T-shirt "Protection, Rescue, and Recovery from Destructive Cults."
Patriot Act on Netflix Justin Trudeau episode
Who did boat fire kill and why?
Can a mod explain why this breaches any guidlines:
Does anyone know if its a possible.. After posting on here or social media generally for government to (Link your IP to past posts) (Say if u were applying for a government job down the line.. I just want to know the extent)
Important research, pls help!
DNC/Democratic National Commitee using polls that rely solely from funding from CNN to disqualify candidates like Tulsi Gabbard. #DNCFRAUDLAWSUIT
The game, Wernher Von Braun's predicted, seems to be coming to its climax
On 9/11 at 5:20 PM, the 47-story World Trade Center Building 7 collapsed into its footprint, falling more than 100 feet at the rate of gravity for 2.5 seconds of its seven-second destruction and was caused not by fire but rather by the near-simultaneous failure of every column in the building.
Is World War 3 with Russia Coming?
How come today I can see video/audio of court &amp; jail activities for the HS cheerleader on trial for burying her newborn, but Epstein child sex trafficking/abuse we only saw drawings &amp; zero video from jail?
Reddit is using us. MAY THE DOWNVOTE FLOOD pour apon THE BLOOD OF THE REJECTS .
Video Shows Christine Ford's Lawyer Saying Ford Acted To Protect Roe v. Wade
Trying to break free of Satanic media industry? Katy Perry wears an anti-cult T-shirt ""Protection, Rescue, and Recovery from Destructive Cults."
Look at Joe Biden's eye tonight
Gang-Stalking and Control
Mandela effect glitch
Tesla and Time Travel
DeepFake Technology Viral in China. What about the 2020 Election?
In 1997, FEMA made a self-study for terrorism with crosshairs aimed at the WTC.
Popeyes is purposefully botching the rollout of the new chicken sandwich to drag out demand for it to build it up
QUICK: need help finding Julian Assange picture where Bill Bar is in reflection
Trying to find a video
AE911Truth: Fire Did Not Cause 3rd Tower’s Collapse on 9/11, New Study Finds (PDF, Presentation in Comments)
Fodder for Fear of Missing Out
Theory: Reddit owners tell admins to artificially boost negative Facebook articles to the front page. Hurting Facebook is top priority because it increases the likelihood of a larger reddit userbase.
Planned Hurricane?
Stop aging
How has nobody seen this? Irrefutable proof NWO
[Online Tool] Archive Bookmark Javascripts
Anti-NWO compound in Panama?
Trump's Pro-Israel behavior is a smokescreen
Old Footage of Epstein's Island (16:34)?
Question
Oddly today a Google patent request was abandoned. After Dorian decimated the Bahamas, coming to a dead stop, just to start again, a hurricane and tornado control device patent request was abandoned (Sep042019)
DNA collection time?
Vaping may be safer than cigarettes, but it's still deadly
Are rappers controlled?
Hundreds Of Others Implicated In Jeff Epstein Docs BOOM
Clowns at reddit suspended my main because I dared to speak out against China.
Are flies government drones of sorts?
The sun doesn’t work how you think it does
9/11 Documentary "The New Pearl Harbor" pulled from r/documentaries after nearly 1k upvotes!
Moon Landing
Google, YouTube Forced to Pay $170 Million Fine for Illegally Monitoring Children Online
Is there a deeper darker link between “Hollywood Imagery” and Luciferian agendas? Sort of $h!t post but open for discussion.
Odd day to abandon the patent for a hurricane and tornado control device
I do not believe the NIST report on building 7, however, one thing that I’m still scratching my head with. In the event it was purposely brought down why not for 7 hours after the fire began? Anyone help me with this?
Bush rejects Taliban offer to hand Bin Laden over - Oct. 14, 2001
The truth is harderr than average person believe to be in the truth
Very specific day to abandon a hurricane and tornado control device.
Clinton Uranium deal and Russian Nuclear plant failures.
California labor day boat fire.... conspiracy theories?
I was just reading this post about "A 1959 Walt Disney "Science-Factual" Film Shows a Shadowy Group Using Drone Aircraft Dispersing Chemtrails" ... I clicked the random button and got r/Disneyplus. Thought it was strange and tried again and got r/mousereview
Am I crazy... or am I right? First time post!
Dr. Phil , exposing sex trafficking 2 years prior to Epstein becoming common knowledge.
The Chinese 'Eye in the Sky' sees all
In ‘disgusting’ move, US punishes WikiLeaks associates – Ben Swann
Mods of a subreddit pin a post on how to track down trump supporters.
Tracking down a conspiracy group
Bit of a random one but did JE &amp; GM marry?
Apple News will only allow extreme left wing news on your home screen
If History is "invariably written to favor the victors", what does that say about the Holocaust?
JIDF and HASBRA
Odd day to abandon a storm machine patent
South Wales Police use of facial recognition ruled lawful
Andrew Yang comments about the military
The manipulation of social media by the government. How the government wants to militarize social media to influence your beliefs.
Glenn Greenwald: How covert agents infiltrate the Internet to manipulate, deceive and destroy reputations.
How to spot politicians that are being blackmailed by MOSSAD with evidence of pedophilic behavior (Epstein)
Wow ... Criticize the state and you will be locked up
A Structural Reevaluation of the Collapse of World Trade Center 7
Chrome to limit full ad blocking extensions to enterprise users. Firefox now blocking third party trackers by default. Choose your weapon.
The Irgun | The Birth of Modern Terrorism (Greater Israel) - Stern Gang
The Irgun | The Birth of Modern Terrorism (Greater Israel) - Stern Gang
Henry Kissinger says there was No Holocaust (3:00)
Disney is a factory for mind-controlled, sexually-abused entertainment slaves, groomed from childhood to lure us into their twisted packaged world view. Those who try get out are pushed into drug addicted suicidal hell. Time to expose this nightmare disguised as pop culture.
Disney is a factory for mind-controlled, sexually-abused entertainment slaves, groomed from childhood to lure us into their twisted packaged world view. Those who try get out are pushed into drug addicted suicidal hell. Time to expose this nightmare disguised as pop culture.
WTC 7 Collapse Reviewed By Demolition Expert / RIP
WTC 7 COLLAPSE REVIEWED BY DEMOLITION EXPERT / RIP
Epstein Filter
does anyone find it weird that 33 is used in the media so often?
Hundreds of people could be implicated in Jeffrey Epstein court documents, lawyer says
British Royal Family Secrets Revealed: Pedophilia, Nazism, Murder,, Cannibalism, Inbreeding and more | A Jay Meyers documentary
Aloha! I’m Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard and I’m running for President of the United States of America. AMA!
Terrorist groups are funded by druglords in order to keep the public eye and intelligence away from them
Could Hurricane Dorian be manufactured by HAARP with the intention of distracting the news cycle since they anticipated an issue with the Epstein files and WTC 7 report?
Push for STEM overhaul is an effort to water down tech workforce.
So if 9/11 gets proven as an inside job. What then?
Deep fakes, Marina Joyce, Mass Shootings, Jeffery Epstein
If 5g becomes a common network people use, it would weaken everyone physically and mentally which makes it easier for the ones who sit on top of the system to have a ton lot of more control. We shouldn't use 5g even to test its speed.
Treblinka- why the gas chambers are a myth (2008)
What if the Flat Earth Society is just a HOAX that was created by globalist NWO elites to make conspiracy theorists seem crazy?
SF Board of Supervisors declare National Rifle Association a domestic terrorist organization
Conspiracy Consiracy
1969 Men Walk on the Moon New York Times Full Paper. Was the moon landing real?
Sony/ Square Enix Conspiracy: The Case of Final Fantasy 7 Remake
FACE RECOGNITION
America's Largest 'Farmers' Have Never Farmed a Day in Their Lives. Based on current estimates their Central Valley crops receive more water than the water used by every home in Los Angeles combined. Their citrus crops use up more water than the city of San Francisco does. A conspiracy? You decide.
It doesn’t matter if it’s sugary or diet: New study links all soda to an early death
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 6/?
To the people who believe in "Ancient aliens"
Conspiracy Fact: The "Green Left" are intentionally sabotaging our energy infrastructure
Planes or no planes?
Alleged 9/11 Mastermind and Four Plotters to Face Trial Twenty Years Later
both the users that posted people singing over chinia's anthem accounts are now deleted.
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act
Another song from the 80"s foreshadowing what the world is today
Department of Homeland Security wants to create fake Facebook profiles to monitor foreigners
Alleged Mastermind and Four Alleged Plotters to Face Trial Twenty Years Later
Jacob Wohl Wanted on Felony Arrest Warrant
Remember that Reddit wasn't originally created to be a propaganda machine. The algorithms and mechanisms were intentionally altered. The unspoken rules and culture were highjacked. The checks and balances were chopped off and reassembled.
Looks like the New York Post imbedded a PGP Encryption Key in Epstein &amp; Ghislaine Maxwell photos.
Song from 1996, "World Destruction" - Time Zone
Long time lurker, first time poster. Was watching the Sopranos earlier and I'll be damned if this song doesn't reflect today's culture. Song: "World Destruction" - Time Zone
Former Disney star Jordan Pruitt files sexual abuse suit against Disney and longtime Nashville producer
What are some good, consistent podcasts that focus on current events and aren't afraid to see different sides of the story. War, conspiracies, paranormal, stuff like that
American Football and rest of the world football is distracting the masses from what really matters...
Top Interior official who pushed to expand drilling in Alaska to join oil company there
Elon musk- “We are going to see a demographic collapse the likes of which we haven’t seen since the bubonic plague” paraphrased.
Looking for 9/11 video (Official Story - parody)
Iran and 9/11 hijackers
When is the News Not the News? - #PropagandaWatch
Mobile data toggle didn't disappear by coincidence!
Carrie Lam; the second coming of Yanukovych
The Airlines Industry Dirty Secret: Toxic Cabin Air Poisoning Passengers And Flight Crews | 60 Minutes Australia
The Genesis and Evolution of the Jeffrey Epstein, Bill Clinton Relationship. Whitney Webb, Mint Press News
Senator wants Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg to potentially face prison term
The American government is controlling the shootings so that when the real war starts to happen and the Americans need to use a nuclear missile nobody would care of the number of lives lost due to the lack of sensitivity in the citizens from the past tragedies
How could building 7 be rigged for demolition between the time the towers were hit by the planes and it collapsing later that night? Seems cutting drywall to access each beam would take more time than that? Was it rigged for demolition before 9/11?
You're being held accountable for the sins of the system
After Passing 'Constitutional Carry' Law in 2015, Maine Now Deemed 'Safest State' ... AKA stuff the MSM will never report.
Hurricanes Irma and Dorian both altered by geo-engineering.
The Tower 7 report.
If the recent WTC 7 findings are true than its safe to assume that NIST was a blatant cover up
Can someone explain to me how certain celebrities looks the same like they did in the 1990? Seriously, how is that even possible? Did they use something we don't know about? Can we find a connection between them to trace the source?
Help me get James Corbett on a podcast
Just a bit of humour for this sub
Proof that Taiwan belongs to China
Just a bit of humour for this sub
8,000 More Pages of Unsealed Epstein Victim Court Case Documents That Name Up to "1,000 people", Hundreds of Which Have Already Been Dropped By Investigative Journalists, Are At Stake Now After New Court Hearing With a 'John Doe' Arguing to Keep Them Sealed and Maxwell a No-Show
Related to Epstein’s underground tunnels on the island.. this woman claims she was a victim. I want to believe her, if true this is horrifying could be a solid lead towards other parties involved. How do we know if it could be verified? Help me internet sleuths!
Just In! President Trump Endorses Petition To Send Ilhan Omar Back To Somalia.. Do You Support? (sign Now)﻿
Thousands of documents related to the Epstein case are being unsealed throughout the next few weeks. Hundreds of other people could be implicated. Nice try deep state, but the death of Epstein did not stop what is coming.
The motives for the recent mass shootings are known, but suppressed by the powers that be..
What crazy-ass motherfucker thought it's ok to approve Oxycodon &amp; Percocet® as a regular prescription drug.
We need another Aaron Swartz. Edward Snowden.
John Mayer talks about time travel on his instagram story
"Wrong Think": San Francisco board passes resolution labeling NRA 'domestic terrorist organization'
A 1959 Walt Disney "Science-Factual" Film Shows a Shadowy Group Using Drone Aircraft Dispersing Chemtrails, Ground Based HAARP Like Antennas Firing Microwave Beams, and Even Dropping Bombs Into a Hurricane With an Eerily Similar Path of Durian, Safely Steering it Away From Florida's Coastline.
'Hundreds' more to be implicated in Epstein case says Maxwell's lawyer
Neil Bush's face when he realizes he ate dinner with the brother of Reagan's shooter just last week.
Is Google cleaning up their act? Today, Google search for "Donald Trump" autofills nothing negative.
Explosion at Old Executive Building on 9/11 is proof of a Coup
First Known Audio Deepfake Impersonates CEO to Transfer $243,000
US Divorce Statistics And Facts. Why I Think The Economy is Pro Divorce. Saturday Story Time
People who still believe Trump personally had a nefarious relationship with Putin/Russia: can you explain why you refuse to believe the findings of the Mueller Report?
Drop the Hulsey report link in the Engineering forum, so some of the posters have access to it, to read.
It's been almost 12 hours since there was a major breakthrough in Hong Kong protests and multiple posts about this but nothing is coming on popular, top or the frontpage. I no longer feel skeptical about people saying Tencent investing in reddit was bad
Google's YouTube to pay $170 million penalty for collecting data on kids
Here's a great documentary covering Tianamen square and much more. Last 20 minutes or so explains how we may be helping in the oppression we see today.
Macaulay Culkin: Satanic Hollywood Elites Murder Children During Rituals
Interesting... leaked info on Seth R by journo listing McCabe as source.
Theory about the future of cameras in vehicles
Cbeebies is communist. (credit to u/frodododobert)
In 1997, FEMA made a self-study about terrorism with crosshairs on the WTC.
"Suicide is not the answer to your problems"
Is there a discord for this sub?
McConnell Dubbed 'Moscow Mitch' for Blocking Debate on Election Security Bill After Senate Report Details 2016 Russian Interference
There is an epidemic of missing and murdered Indigenous people in Montana
Hacker in Stratfor leak moved to jail with Manning to testify against Assange &amp; WikiLeaks: Jeremy Hammond, who helped feed millions of emails from ‘private CIA’ Stratfor to WikiLeaks, has been moved to testify before a grand jury, which he refuses to do, jeopardizing his early release from prison.
What came of the trial for the "orchestrators" of 9/11 that just happened??
The Global Weapons Trade and Shadow Economy
TIL about the many MILLIONS of Nazi soldiers exterminated by the allied forces in shelterless death camps following WW2. 992,000 just between April 1-22, 1945.
The biggest conspiracy right now
The Machinations Of Deception Part 1
How Dave Chappelle's new comedy special normalizes pedophilia
Pentagon Joins the War on Alternative Media: DARPA is working on a system that will prevent news and analysis contrary to the establishment narrative
Argentina faces 9th default after LaGarde's record $57 billion bailout
Sorry to all you flat earth people out there 🌎
When skeptics accurately noted that NASA only sent military men into space, NASA created the Challenger psy-op. They pretended to pick random civilians for the mission and then simply blew up an empty Challenger while the entire world watching. It was brilliant!
WTF? how do you get google assistant to stop? video included
Youtube Goes Full Orwell, Purges 17,000 Channels for "Hate Speech" When Many Broke NO Rules
Cloning question
/r/Conspiracy no longer showing up in 'Other Discussions' tab in other subs.
Google, Industry Try to Water Down First U.S. Data-Privacy Law
What if ruling Epstein as a suicide, helps MSM gaslight the public
Don't Forget: Trump predicted 9/11 before it happened to a tee and tried to warn us all
Just saw this on a YouTube Ad.
/r/engineering thread on University of Alaska Fairbanks reevaluation of the WTC7 collapse is locked and deleted
Japan briefs diplomats on Fukushima nuclear water concerns
Boy Lover Pedo symbol and One Eye symbolism found in Ottawa
It's not flat, it's not round, that really only leaves one conclusion. [SATIRE]
Man kicked off Twitter for saying Sean Hannity "retarded" for lambasting the Deep State for an hour while at the same time wearing a CIA pin
The Machinations Of Deception Part 1 New series that begins by looking at several under/unexplored 9/11 related anomalies.
Rep. Omar Declares Support For Terrorist Financier’s Company In Her Native Somalia
Don't become like everyone else 👽 vaccines play the biggest role in the eugenics depopulation agenda stay woke friends homeschool your children 🖖🏼
Get that shit out of here, do NOT let people re-define pedophilia
REP. OMAR DECLARES SUPPORT FOR TERRORIST FINANCIER’S COMPANY IN HER NATIVE SOMALIA
Dave Chappelle Mysteries - Clones, Pedophilia and Ulterior Motives.
Do you think things like Mossad operated pedophile blackmail rings have anything to do with how many standing ovations US congress gave Netanyahu?
Hi, I'm Beverly Eckert. My husband was killed during the 9/11 attacks. I rejected 1.8 million from the Government and filed a lawsuit against them instead. I was a loud mouth and well known figure in the 9/11 truth movement. Days after meeting President Obama, I died in a plane crash.
Fair to say the ban on flavored ECigs in Michigan is just to get kids back on cigarettes?
Live thread on twitter about possible Unsealing of more Epstein doc
The great hypocrisy around private yachts, jets and international jurisdiction
What if, directly after 9/11, a 3-year Mueller-style investigation were launched into the Bush families ties to Saudi Arabia? Imagine 3-years of "Bush is beholden to the Saudi Royalty" headlines. People hated Bush like they do Trump. If the MSM profits from outrage then what stopped them?
Homeless man targeted by cia in my town
The principal conclusion of our study is that fire did not cause the collapse of WTC 7. The secondary conclusion of our study is that the collapse of WTC 7 was a global failure involving the near-simultaneous failure of every column in the building. (September 2019)
Democratic Candidates Demand Almost All Guns be Confiscated And Banned
Democratic Candidates Demand Almost All Guns be Confiscated And Banned
TFW no one is talking about Epstein's murder 3 weeks later.
So, what the hell is going on here? Why is there barely any discussion on the UAF WTC7 Report?
Blonde to dark killers....why?
TWF no one is talking about Epstein 3 weeks after his murder.
France, August 3rd 2019 in Nantes.
As we all figured.. the process of discrediting the report began almost right on cue. 9/11 was the first substantial wedge driven into the American people and it’s just been picking up steam since. Too bad most people don’t see it or don’t want to see it.
Mobile devices are alright for consumers but not for producers
This ancient painting is one of the oldest pictures we have of Jesus. Trump is gonna hate it. Jesus looked like an immigrant. #SatanistsforTrump
It's either give up freedom or pay higher taxes
Do you hear the voice?
Donald Trump Don't Trust China “SONG”
Sigel Mandelker, the Israeli born women, is the one behind the US sanctions campaign against Iran. She also approved of Epstein’s plea deal in 2008.
I dont always agree with him. I always find his topics interesting.
Has Hillary Clinton been planning 2016 for 23 years? Listen to this !
Crazy Homeless Guy Rants About Aliens, Life, and Artificial Intelligence...
[Rolex]Newest day,newest wear~replicawatchespro.co
Makes this thread and deletes account after
Reddit isn't organic
🔴 Steve Bannon's Warning On China Trade War (w/ Kyle Bass) | Real Vision Classics
The bathroom conspiracy was a distraction
Commie Reddit Mods in T_D.
Just wanted to remind all the users here what conspiracy means in a criminal standpoint.
What are your thoughts on vaccines?
Trump's Message Recieved, Evidence Must Be Compelling, The Majority Wins (TD mods have been shadowbanning this)
Donald Trump - Secret Muslim?
Mayday Mayday Mayday! There are children here!
Participate HELIOS ATOMARS REWARD BOT and claim your Reward
corner sofas
Shooting stars
Synthetic telepathy is real and so are violent tactics like directed-energy/psycho-electric weapon assaults. I am a victim of mind/body control.
Is Tucker Carlson trying to disrupt the matrix?
Chapter 1- How i got under investigation by the FBI, Australian police and -- Gang
Israel DNA testing people to prove if they’re jewish
Investigator in new Documentary proves cover up in Andrew Breitbart death
So anyone else wondering what happened with those mysterious deaths in the Dominican Republic?
Israel DNA testing people to prove they’re jewish
This came up randomly on my Google news. Looks like a triangular UFO. Anyone have any background on this?
This most definitely gives credence to the whole DARPA/FaceBook (social media) connection. Short article... both eye opening and frightening though.
This most certainly gives credence the whole DARPA / Social Media connection. Here comes DARPA to censor this internet. Short article, but most frightening.
Reddit deletes a post about how many billionaires have donated to democrats.
FBI Memo released: Obama State Dept. spooks (including Victoria Nuland!) coordinated with Steele and Fusion GPS and Soros
Help me name my new local radio show centered around conspiracy theories/aliens/spooky stuff. It's going to be humor based, but we will definitely try to be into the discussion. Also, what are some good conspiracies/subjects we can talk about?
Anyone else getting this popup since the new “updates”(buyout)
On behalf of the thousands of newly red-pilled Redditors; THANK YOU.
If you should've have learned ANYTHING from Trump in 2016
Decorated former Palm Beach detective who led Epstein investigation dies at 50
Tiananmen Square was a Failed CIA op that attempted to destabilize China in order to ensure a US puppet was in charge of China. George Soros was also involved w/ the CIA in their destabilization efforts. If you don’t know this you are a victim of western propaganda.
You might've seen this predication recently on the news...
Prince Harry Urges ‘Environmentally Friendly Travel’ After Taking 4 Private Jet Trips in Just 11 Days
Area 51 is where prominent politicians go to fornicate with children
Trump Defends Sharing Unhinged Theory That the Clintons Killed Epstein
The controversial Hong_Kong subreddit is attempting to gaslight the real Hong Kong subreddit. H_K is sponsored by Tencent, a Pro-China investment corporation.
Manual of Psychological Warfare and Organized Investigative Operations Intelligence Agencies and Federal/Local Authorities - (Tactics and Methods of Investigating, Manipulating, and Surveilling Targets of the State)
Jewish Whistleblower Tape Found After He Died Suddenly, Claims Project Pogo and Project Zyphr Are Plans to Purge U.S. of Anti-Zionist Patriots During Power Outages
New! Hillary Clinton tries to SILENCE FBI Whistle-Blowser, Republican Congressmen Takes Striking Action against Her
3 Questions: Would you label yourself as 'cynical'? Do you believe those close to you would label you 'cynical'? Do you believe the chief reason many people dislike identifing with conspiracy theorists is because they don't want to be seen as cynical?
Funding Both Sides? Bulgarian Journalists Reveal US Selling Weapons to Terror Groups in Yemen!
YouTube says it has removed more than 17,000 channels for hate speech. YouTube said it would specifically prohibit videos that glorify Nazi ideology or deny documented violent events.
Ringing in the Ears?
A Structural Reevaluation of the Collapse of World Trade Center 7
Mick West on The H3 Podcast
Alan Jackson was behind 9/11
Beto O’Rourke wants to ban assault rifles &amp; force people to sell them back to the government because he wants to “save lives”... this while supporting late term abortions at 9 months.
Buchenwald: a Dumb Dumb Portrayal of Evil (2008)
Never forget that the entire MSM spent 3 years lying to you about a fake Trump-Russia "conspiracy". Never forget that Reddit spent the entire 3 years botting fake headlines to the front page. Anyone who challenged was accused of being Russian.
How do you find out which movies and shows are Illuminati free?
It's Actually 1722 Now
Has anyone had ads recommended to something they were just talking about? So today I was talking to my buddy about how I sweat super easily and I was tired of sweating all the time. Then I go on instagram and there is an ad about medicine for over-sweaters! Never have I seen this ad before.
It's Actually 1722 Now, Not 2019!!
More Epstein
Portland billionaire and Clinton/Obama fundraiser, Terry Bean, who has been accused of raping a 15 year old boy, founded the LGBT lobbying group the Human Rights Campaign, an organization that lobbies for gay adoption
A creepy reality...2020 election surprise?
Journalist John Pilger's remarks at rally in defense of Julian Assange
Undeniable Proof the Moon Landings Were Faked
TIL sea levels were actually were higher in 1914 than 2019
Its Really 1639, Not 2019!!
In recent forum/debate, Elon Musk (PayPal, SpaceX, Tesla, Boring) had Jack Ma (Alibaba) so rattled that Jack Ma actually admitted having just returned from Mars - no joke!
Question about Rudy Gobert's drug testing conspiracy through FIBA @ the World Championships--
Black eyes and slit pupils?
The Amazon is Not Burning. Brazil’s Minister of the Environment Interviewed -
Any thoughts on this old "LARP"?
And another one....Child star sues her former manager, Disney for sexually abusing her
What was the point of blowing up WTC 7 so much later during the day?
The Secret History of Tartary
Video of NIST and Hulsey collapse model- with actual collapse.
Extraterrestrial Entities and Technology. Recovery and Disposal.
Contrails - Why Aren’t They Dissiapating?
How to get to Hollywood? Praise Vatican, pedophiles and Jews.
LIVE report from UAF building 7 study
Cloud seeding on the northern side of Hurricane Dorian. 3 different radars at 3 different times.
More Drone Footage Of Epstein Island Reveals An Eerie Possibility
Watch the livestream Hulsey is giving on the building 7 study.
Stream on University of Alaska study on Building 7 is started.
The creator GOD of this world is GAY according to the motto ORDO AB CHAO.
I know everyone's tired of this spam, and I am too, but for posterity here's Rep. Gabbard talking about 5G and its dangers
Saw this and thought you guys here should see it too...
NYTIMES Pathetic Apology For Russiagate Coverage Failure w/ Aaron Mate’
What search engine do you use?
University Study Concludes: Fire Did Not Bring Down Building 7 on 9/11 (University of Alaska Fairbanks/AE911Truth)
Is hurricane Dorian going over Epstein's island? Did they make a hurricane to destroy evidence? Yes, I know I sound crazy..
Someone else help me out. Newer Tucker videos on YouTube either won’t play or only play a few seconds. This is the only way I’ve ever watched. Is this new AI? I’ve been through hundreds of videos from different locations 🤔
The 2001 poster for us open, ending just 2 days before 9/11
Are cruise lines a pedophile playground? Conspiracy or just WTF world?
The controversial Tencent Hong_Kong subreddit is attempting to gaslight the real Hong Kong subreddit.
Odessa gunman had contacted police and FBI before rampage.
what’s your most interesting conspiracy theory?
This is the way I’ve thought always
Tupac is alive in Cuba (lyrical proof).
PSYOP vs Reality
I Pet Goat II june 24
"Darpa is Building Anti-Meme Tech to Stop Deepfakes From Going Viral or Spreading Fake News" - They hate your ability to communicate effectively and will use all power within their grasp to regain control of the narrative.
School shooters are this generations seriel killers
FBI still has nothing to say about the 2017 shooting of an unarmed Bijan Ghaisar despite bipartisan letters sent requesting information from Chuck Grassley and Mark Warner.
A Structural Reevaluation of the Collapse of World Trade Center 7 (WTC 7) (Leroy Hulsey) (Funded by Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth)
The Middle Ages Never Happened
Honest Government Ad | We're F**ked
The son of Pablo Escobar said that his father worked for the CIA selling cocaine.
Thought things were bad before... Here comes DARPA to take over censoring the internet. WOW. Just WOW!!!
Is there a link between MbS, the khashoggi murder and epstein's "suicide" ?
A Structural Reevaluation of the Collapse of World Trade Center 7 (WTC 7) (Leroy Hulsey) (Funded by Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth)
Letter John Doe sent to Judge to try to keep his name out of Epstein doc release
9/11: many investigative pieces are finally coming together / Breathtaking: Solving Nuclear 9/11, the Pommer Report
Exposed, the Illuminati call themselves “The Brotherhood of the Fallen Ones”
IYO: Is Snopes trustworthy?
In-depth information on the Illuminati
A rich man's trick. This 3 hour doc goes hella deep into the past century. World wars, Illuminati, JFK, ect..
Did you all ever consider that we all have been wooshed at least 1 time in our lives?
Joe Lieberman: "I have no evidence that this (WTC 7 collapse) really occurred" 9/11
Conspiracy debunker on the H3 podcast, what do you guys think?
Mental illness / Crime is seasonal. Why?
Jeffrey Epstein’s Suicide, Co-conspirators: A Deeper Look (Ben Swann)
The BEST video out there on MK ultra...
Has anyone watched the Servant King series by Marcus? It's a good watch to brush off the slumber.
Hurricane Dorian Is Fake! Floridians Stand Your Ground!
The fifth filter of Propaganda model of communication used to be war on Terror in the 2000's do you think Trump is the major social control mechanism now that the war on terror has been over?
Human Dimensions of the Atmosphere: "In 1964 the National Science Foundation appointed a Special Commission on Weather Modification to examine the physical, biological, legal, social, and political aspects of the field and make recommendations concerning future policies and programs."
Is this weird?
Not a conspiracy but we all know when ammo isnt readily available it will cause issues.
tHe DeMoCrAtS DoNt CoNtRoL MaInStReAm MeDiA
John Doe Begs Judge Not To Release Names In Epstein Gal Pal Case
Did 11 Million perish in The Holocaust?
I can read people's minds
If this article doesn't worry you, I don't know what would.
The Moon Landing is SUS (OC)
What do you think is going on in Area 51?
Pitiful display from an as-yet unnamed elite scumbag. He thinks the judge should not name him in court papers related to Jeffrey Epstein and expose his filth because it would "tarnish his reputation". Well boo hoo - nothing can stop what is coming.
You might've seen this
Youtuber Emily Hartridge Murdered by London Government
Declassified: Massive Israeli manipulation of US media exposed
Area 51.....?
Woke people talk: Differences in sexes when talking about conspiracies and trying to 'wake people up'
John Pilger delivers a chilling warning from Julian Assange
Scary webpage found by friend on if Jackie Chan is in the illuminati (ive been kicked from other subs for posting this and idk what to do! ;-;)
The Moon Landing is SUS
Supposedly people around the city are creating poop residue and wiping it on door handles to harm our subconscious well being.
‘John Doe’ Wants to Keep Documents Sealed in Epstein Suit
U.K. Friends, What is the general consensus on Boris Johnson?
Hidden Knowledge
Palace Paedophiles - So When Are The Police Going To Call? - David Icke
A millionaire model agency boss thought to have vital evidence about the Jeffrey Epstein sex scandal has vanished.
Hollow Earth - Is there another civilization in the Earth?
Everything you know is wrong
Space Station why is Russia letting the USA on the Soyu........ Damn it they are faking it!
Curious
Hi Everyone I'm doing an assignment for school and I need some data for a survey.My topic is about 9-11 being a inside job. i will answer questions if you do have any
FBI serving search warrant on home in Odessa, Texas related to the mass shooting somehow.
oh hey look at that *wink wink*
Debunking The 6 Biggest Conspiracies About ‘Technology Addiction'
Full 2005 Police Footage Raid of Jeffrey Epstein's House
Imagine if, like Hong Kong, we had daily posts about every Yellow Vest protester attacked by police. Gee, then people may start believing the "China Police Bad" AND "French Police Bad". Can't have that!
Imagine if, like Hong Kong, we had daily posts about every protester injured during the police Yellow Vest protestors. Gee, then people may start believing the "China Police Bad" AND "French Police Bad". Can't have that!
Pentagon Wants To Police Social Media Fake News And Deep Fakes
The building 7 report is UP!
EU and U.S. Testing Drone Swarms to Handle “Illegal Border Activity”
Is the Bloodline Real?
Humans Deep History
Debunking The 6 Biggest Conspiracy About ‘Technology Addiction’
So was the task just an interesting thought exercise or first step in training tomorrow’s tyrants? Who even knows any more?
What happened with that guy from here that wanted to go to the North Pole
Future of the Epstein Scandal: What do you think we should expect?
of course he did...
UK, US, France and Iran are complicit in the deaths of over 7,000 Yemenis and the displacement of millions during the civil war.
Who Benefited Directly from 9/11?
Hurricane Dorian - Chinese/Denmark port - New Silk Road - US Containment
Geek culture leading the way.
If you are not from the UK and yet still strongly believe that "Brexit is the worst", congrats, you are the finalized product of a global propaganda campaign.
i think aaron swartz may be connected to cicada 3301 in some way. hear me out:
Can you folks kindly explain the importance of the rainbow as it relates to hypnosis and concepts of "mind control" ? I'm trying to figure something out that appears to be explained better by mk, which I know little about. I could really use the hive mind on this one.
An interesting photo , Shesh
Alien Disclosure By The Military | A Documentary
Looking for Someone Who Wants to Help Me Publish YouTube Videos
The biggest conspiracy of them all. Possibly the most important.
Reagan assassination attempt
Project Stargate was a remote viewing(RV), psychic energy based govt program. During this training exercise they were interested in Mars 1,000,000 BC. This era on Mars comes up more than once in my research into RV. Thoughts?
God knows what kind of a drug it was.
Detroit Skinny - Storm Area 51 (Official Music Video &amp; Song)
Maybe Trump did nuke Dorian after all?
From SS butcher to drugs kingpin: The astonishing story of the notorious Nazi who helped kill Che Guevara and worked for cocaine boss Pablo Escobar
Strange video that appeared as an advertisement while scrolling through YouTube. Possible cult?
Kinda interesting...
under Donald Trump and his tax plan the federal government is taking in more tax money than under obama
Boris Johnson wasn't known to 90% of redditors, yet this website has convinced the majority of users that he is "The Trump of the UK" and only deserves hate. Reddit's ability to spread propaganda is extraordinary.
I need answers
Hello I wouldn’t normally post but I have this weird thing where my speakers are working completely fine but sometimes I can here a different language such as french I’m pretty sure it’s a radio because I here music. Any theories?
What happened to Miles Mathis?
The Blackbird of Chernobyl - Russia's very own Mothman
The Youtube thought police has removed more than 100,000 videos, 17,000 channels, and 500 million comments since April.
Mukbang star being held captive, and giving secret hints through her videos?
The adl is just a democrat think tank superpac
I was told this belongs here
Dorian hit a Chinese military port in the N. Bahamas dead center at full strength. Other hurricanes may have been used to flood deep state facilities hidden under nuclear plants or refineries since Trump took office.
Have you guys seen “The Dark Crystal” on Netpricks?
A World Health Organization study shows that drinking two glasses of sugary soft drinks a day noticeably increases the risk of an early death. But it also found that diet variants of these soft drinks are even worse.
Building 7
Some in Truth Movement Are Asking Questions about “Rebekah Roth”
US, France and Britain complicit in Saudi war crimes in Yemen, according to UN report. The western media doesn't seem particularly interested.
DARPA wants to police internet memes
I could see all of the anti-Semitic posts being put out here so when r/conspiracy needs to be banned, they’ll have a good reason. Don’t pay them any mind. Anyone else feel the same? It just feels like they’re being planted.
Was told this subreddit would like something like this
The youth is starting to look younger.
Jeffrey Epstein’s Suicide, Co-conspirators: A Deeper Look ( Ben Swann, Truth in Media )
There's alot of strange stuff going on in my town... part 2
The World Health Organization
Black Helicopters Pittsburgh PA
Here are some well-executed theories with the JFK and Dorothy kilgallen's assassination
Want to challenge your worldview?
Hurricane Dorian stalled in the Bahamas?
Good documentaries to watch on YT etc??
Kentucky Governor signs bill that would crack down on BDS movement
The Truth about Dave Chapelle
Facebook And Instagram Are Removing Like Counts To Hide The Popularity Of WrongThink Ideas
Media silence on Epstein
Mainstream media shows us only what that was us to see. If you aren’t a part of the establishment, they will give you little to no coverage, no matter how brilliant your platform is.
With Deepfake, you will soon no longer be able to know what's real and what's not
51
Proof the Moon Landing was a Hoax in 4 Minutes (Watch Before Downvoting)
Texas mobile shooter call the FBI before his rampage...left rambling messages...
Child Abuse at Prince Charles former school. Ties in to Jimmy Saville and more
Angry customers pull gun over sold-out Popeyes chicken sandwiches in SE Houston
What are some other subreddits should people be following?
The Bankruptcy of The United States
[Meta] The conspiracy community needs to attack. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
Barbie Rivera – Pay Me $5K to Drug My Students?
Something Fishy About the Conception fire
Is the rise of standardize testing and increaseof tuition meant to condition the population?
Jeff Giesea. It’s time to embrace memetic warfare.
Whats this David Chappelle Clone Conspiracy Im hearing people talking about ?
Well dang. Turns out we had the answer all along?
Myths and Folklore conspiracies
! Buy Weed Seeds | How To Buy Weed Seeds Online
Doctor forbidden to practice medicine after telling patient ‘a fetus is a human’
Epstein’s mysterious network and sexual blackmail as intelligence gathering
Diagnosing American Society’s Ills
Why Wikipedia Use Such Weird Photos
CDAN - One of the main financial backers for a recent tribute concert for the foreign born DJ was the government who had a part in the cover up of his death. Avicii / Oman
PSYOP vs Reality (NSFL)
Area 51
Odometer reading
THE AFTERLIFE | REINCARNATION | SOUL TRAP | VESICA PISCES | LIFE &amp; DEATH
Favorite quote of all time. What’s yours?! The ruling class is well organized, well funded &amp; extremely patient. We the people eh not so much. We need to unify on common ground, beyond political party, race and religion, against those who seek to divide &amp; conquer. Nothing will ever change otherwise.
Friend of Jeffrey Epstein, Multi-millionaire Frenchman Jean-Luc Brunel vanishes without a trace
Eyes in outer space: 1959 Disney film about moving hurricanes. A "science-factual" film!
Result of being controlled by Democrats for 50 years - Investigation in San Francisco revealed trash littered across every block, 41 blocks with needles and 96 blocks with piles of feces.
UK parliamentarian talks about covering up "scandals involving small boys". (1995)
Remember when we found out that debunking UFO reports and reducing public interest in them was a top priority for the CIA, and they would use mass media, psychologists, and advertising specialists to do so?
Jean Luc Brunel, the Modeling Agency Boss Who Provided Girls to be Raped by Epstein, Has Vanished: "He is a ghost who has disappeared without a trace."
Apparently faking ones life is not that uncommon
Brazil’s Environment Minister debunking the “burning Amazon” hysteria in an interview with Stefan Molyneux
So where is all of this tariff money going?
Should we really be worried about Brexit?
Eventually Trump will lose relevance, yet the same MSM created during his administration will still be empowered and out-of-control thanks to everyone who decided the MSM's behavior was okay as long as Trump was the target.
President Putin- “80% of the Soviet Bolshevik government was Jewish”
JFK Speech - "Opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings." 04/27/61
Dozens of first responders were warned in advance that World Trade Center Building 7 was going to come down on 9/11, even though no skyscraper ever collapsed before then due to fire
UK parliamentarian talks about covering up "scandals involving small boys". (1995)
CEOs are paid 278 times more than the average U.S. worker — CEO pay has increased 1,008% between 1978 and 2018, while typical worker pay has edged up 12%.
Why does the streaming platform Netflix continue to cancel thought provoking shows that show unity and the human connection?
The Orion and Taurus constellations are Gilgamesh and the bull of heaven fighting each other.
Does anyone know what's going on in the upper parts of society in the UK?
Orion
So how much does it cost to hire a Texan these days?
The Ministry of Defence is developing a secret, multimillion-pound research programme into the future of cyberwarfare, including how emerging technologies such as social media and psychological techniques can be harnessed by the military to influence people's beliefs. (2014)
I think religion can stop people from reaching a deeper spiritual experience. I don't know what the nature of god is, but I know what religion teaches us isn't right.
The son of Pablo Escobar said that his father worked for the CIA selling cocaine.
Jeffrey Epstein "suicide" - Governor, mayor, police commissioner, chief of police department, trial judge and NY FBI director all Jesuit/Catholic related. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
We are born creative geniuses but the educational system dumbs us down, according to NASA scientists.
The Obama administration fought a legal battle against Google to secretly obtain the email records of a researcher and journalist associated with WikiLeaks.
Tax on super-rich a popular idea, except in the media
Whenever you hear anyone claiming AI will be a threat know that these ppl are setting up a criminal defense for when ppl realize the matrix is real and we are all linked up since birth to this system
JFK Blows The Whistle on Secret Societies!
Woman charged with kidnapping PA toddler, says the child’s father sold her for $10K
Bermuda triangle
Driver charged in missing toddler case says child was sold for $10,000, police say
10 Strangest Stories of Summer 2019
VacationBookingDeals
Collection of old newspapers before hitlers rise read “six million Jews” 1915-1938
Collection old Newspapers, before Hitlers rise read “six million Jews” 1915-1938
Is anyone else noticing a rapid increase in new cell phone towers?
What Happened in the 1970s?
Take a break from politics. This post is about Project Sun Streak which was a program all about remote viewing, remote action, psychoenergetics, etc. This is a real report about a real govt program and the people involved (in SS) are pretty high up
Anybody want to check out my Online Occult Library?
The CIA ran drugs in a small county in Texas with the help of Raytheon.People were murdered or disappeared and still today people strangely disappear and the local sheriff's department is rumored involved in drugs and crime.
‘All of us are in danger’: John Pilger delivers a chilling warning from Julian Assange
Maxburn (XMB) Gets Listed On Bcnex
Why some conspiracy theorists can never get anywhere with their knowledge.
Politician claims that the British Army's 77th Brigade is 'attacking' Scots online
5G and Neuralink is being introduced at the same time.
Questions Nobody Is Asking About Jeffrey Epstein, by Eric Rasmusen
Interview with the Brazilian minister of the Environment: the Amazon is fine
What news items do you think have been created in order to distract us from Epstein in the past weeks?
Secret societies on the side of good?
What happened to the post from yesterday or the day before regarding a drone seeing Esptein
Dr David Jacobs Alien Hybrid Program
3 Chilling ALIEN HYBRID STORIES | Do You Have Alien DNA?
Post-El Chapo, Sinaloa cartel narco highway still runs through Chicago
alien human hybrids
Dr David Jacobs discusses Alien Hybrid Program
They had us all fooled on 9/11
NWO Exposed Worth Your Time
Mapping our cosmic horrors: Deep rabbit hole
Strange child abduction case in my country.
Is it time to revisit the stories we were told about V2 rockets?
More black triangles spotted in Williston lake, British Columbia during a northern lights show. I saw something eerily similar three nights prior to this in the same region
Easter 2019
Why are there no weather stations in the Bahamas right now showing anything close to hurricane level winds, let alone Category 4 winds?
A Reexamination Of The Death Of Michael Mahon Hastings. Former Investigative Journalist And War Correspondent. Part 1
11-05-2014 - Secrets Of Jewish Money Control
Syrian Bazaar Rebuilt following War Damage
China’s Red-Hot Face-Swapping App Provokes Privacy Concern
Jewish domination of media and entertainment. Why does this remain a taboo topic in some circles?
9/11 Predicted in Media - This you must see
Do we live in a western culture that is trying to make people transgender?
Idk if this is the right place to post this...
The Origin and History of the Christian Bible by Manly P. Hall
Strange Lights Over Edwards Air Force Base
Midland michigan/dow chemical
Why has facebook been the only company to face congress?
THE DIACHE | TEACHING OF THE TWELVE APOSTLES
9/11 Just watch this:
Jeffrey Epstein’s model-scouting pal has ‘disappeared without a trace’
Momentum of veganism threatening brain health of the UK, expert warns
Google Whistleblower talks about Cold Fusion being censored
Deceased victims of Hurricane Dorian being loaded on flatbed trucks across Abaco.
Dissentwatch Is Here to Platform the Deplatformed
If Epstein was a CIA asset and a was overseen by a Mossad agent why did they bust him in the first place?
Theres alot of strange stuff going on in my town...
North Dakota international peace garden. Freemasons turn 2 towers into 1 ....again.
mcdonald’s workers are saving us
You tube and Reddit are censored! Where can I go to find an alternative to You Tube and Reddit? Help me Reddit while you still can.
Alyssa Milano on Twitter: "Take note America. This is what fighting for critical change looks like. #FreeHongKong https://t.co/2j5XWsHd27" / Twitter
Who are we gonna find on this ship?
Martin Armstrong Asks "Are Democrats Trying To Change American Politics By Opening Borders?" Replacement migration explained.
i think this explains him https://sethator.blogspot.com looks like it was written a few years ago -- presumably when he was still on the grid
1992: "How I Learned To Love the New World Order" by Joe Biden
It's not adding up (Dorian from Narnia I mean space)
Why should you get into meditation? The elite don't want you to know about this...
Is this actually happening or is this person regurgitating propaganda??!
Twitter forced me to follow a Chinese Account this week. At first I thought it was a promoted tweet but then I kept seeing more and more from them. So I clicked on the account and it showed I followed them. I have no interest in the account and have since unfollowed but still suspicious of it.
Help me find information on ‘the veiled virgin’ sculpture. Alchemy/magic
Man raped by aliens, Post your thoughts !
What is the likelihood that this is a coincidence? (simpsons 911 image inside)
Is this a pro China propaganda piece or is this something that is actually happening?
Socialism requires one to have a lot of faith in the government. Capitalism requires one to have a lot of faith in corporations. Which one is really worse?
2016 Article Showing Research That "Fires Alone" did not bring down any of the WTC buildings in 9/11 tragedy
Whether it’s the mainstream media, the CIA, the FBI, or now the Federal Reserve, more and more Americans are waking up to the fact that there is a Deep State in America and its interests have nothing to do with American liberty.
NOAA "as we move this storm to the north, watch for rain bands"
About storm area 51 and a missed opportunity
...And I am forgotten...
Jeffrey Epstein's 'fixer' who ran major modelling agency vanishes 'like a ghost'
Listen to this Dorian Analysis and question weather this is a real hurricane or not.
Hurricane Dorian stalls at 0 mph over Bahamas
Why did Epstein’s plane (N120JE) fly to Antarctica and back on July 23, 2019?
Newly Released FBI Docs Shed Light on Apparent Mossad Foreknowledge of 9/11 Attacks
Does Anybody Feel As If You Yourself Or Your Family/Friends Are Not Human, At Least Fully, Or Becoming Non-Human
Is Race a Social Construct?
I'm writing a college essay about Pizzagate. Where do I begin?
DORIAN Cat. 5 DOOR = 4 / 45 Stalls DIRECTLY ACROSS from Mar-A-Largo LOL Everything in this world is a joke. FUCK WEATHER CONTROL
Media is purposefully hiding Bernie Sanders' fall at a softball game because they don't want Americans to see how fit he is for a 77 year old
Any thoughts on the sign I found walking around? Looks like something out of some FBI files, but maybe I’m reading too much into it?
Hmmmm a hurricane in the Bahamas would be a great opportunity to wipe off any remaining evidence from Epstein’s island if there was anything left
Well look who dissappeared, but it looks as if Ghislane is still safe.
Explosion in Central NY?
NYC Fire Commissioners Ask Your Help Setting Up Meeting with Your Congressman on 9/11 Truth, This 9/11
The more u know
The Cloward - Piven Strategy of 1966 ~ The insidious Marxist strategy to bring the system down by overloading the welfare system.
Hong Kong Riots, documented and uploaded to a decentralized platform solution so it can't be deleted.
Dank memes covering the latest news
What are reasons that Area 51 is in North Korea?
Crazy thought perhaps - what if the biggest brands are used in the shipping of cocaine?
DEA Agent Who Scarface and J. Prince Accused of Corruption Was Convicted of Falsifying Government Records
Cicada 3301 ©
Who remembers comments "going meta" more often?
I’ve read so many Epstein post, that Reddit is wanting me to discover pizza.
RCTT #1: Walt Disney's paradox and endgame
What is spraying from this plane directly after Hurricane Andrew?
#BanKpop: Suspicious movement?
Chappell is like a prophet of conspiracies.
White egg doing white things
People are being automatically re-subscribed to this channel, even though they keep unsubscribing.
CNN subliminal brainwashing
Forensically approaching history starting with major assassinations.
Thought you all would get a chuckle out of this lol credit to @whitepeoplehumour
Proof the Government Poisons You with Flouride in 9 Minutes
You don't have to be short to discuss short people discrimination. You don't have to be asian to discuss racism against asians. You don't have to have voted for or support Trump to discuss MSM bias against him.
The Dulce Book - A Dulce Base Security Officer Speaks Out - Part 1
Large Boom heard throughout upstate NY. Agencies in two counties looking for explosions. Any suggestions?
Greta thunberg is being sponsored among others by a woman called Neubuer she is part of "One foundation" an association sponsored by people such as Soros and Bill Gates
James " AVGN" Rolfe is a time traveler
2 party system of lies (US politics)
conspiracy books?
I hear a lot in the corporate media about how Medicare for All is just "too expensive." You know what is too expensive? Paying $28,000 a year for health insurance – the average for a family of four. That is really damn expensive! And it's going to end under Medicare for All
Kevin hart is an attempted murder victim and his accident is weirdly coincidental to similar death like Paul walker and Ryan Dunn
Video showing proof mac miller knew the exact date he would die well before hand
Banned from /r/news for saying to hell with China
A hurricane that’s casually stationary
India Vs Pakistan war is about to erupt...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sF1fmSzib8&amp;t=31s
Proof that the FBI preys on innocent people
Nick Bostrom- Superintelligence (AI, Drones, Govt Supercomputers)
I’ll just keep posting. This time in meme format. This is real. You can search any conspiracy on YouTube with a key word but put Anno Lucis and you get nothing but short videos from Masons themselves and some other weird search results including that good ole Wikipedia page y’all gave me
9/11 Spider-verse {Hindsight 2020}
I’m suspicious of trending topics on twitter with spelling mistakes.
25-Year-Old Bitcoin Seller Faces Life Sentence for Unlicensed Exchange
WW3, a possibility?
I made a video, what do I do with it?
What's up with r/Epstein?
Elon Musk dismisses government knowledge of ETs
Tomorrow we as a community need to make a concerted effort to spread the release of the WTC7 study.
ARISE ZION Movement Starting in Israel
Found a pedophile!
Any idea why NASA has an unmanned space plane orbiting earth for two years at a time without explanation?
Islamic leaders are rewriting history and covering it up. Petra is the real holy city, not Mecca. Now Turkey is flooding an old city to hide history. My guess is Saudi is paying for this to keep their lie alive.
Has anyone talked about this? They are doing it under our nose
Trump considering plan to send 120,000 troops to the Middle East as tensions with Iran heighten. A lot of this policies are discussed with John Bolton.
The US military will search through 350 billion social media messages to study how popular movements evolve.
On the spiritual path with Gilgamesh and Enkidu.
The biblical Nimrod and King Gilgamesh are the same person.
Larry Silverstein: "...I said the smartest thing to do was to pull it, and they did that"
Go ahead and search for the shooter. He’s been scrubbed and mentions are gone. SxExTxHxxAxTxOxN
The Media Finally Asks the Big Question: Is Trump a Grassroots Phenomenon, Russian Spy, or Useful Idiot?
Beware when listening to a late artists songs: I suspect the powers that be end these some of these controlled artists lives in order to increase the number of people that will specifically listen these artists songs which carries out whatever message they want
Hundreds signing up to storm Fun Time Kidz Day Care
Does anyone else feel a little weird about this Johnson &amp; Johnson commercial?
2 Mothers of Santa Fe Victims At the Odessa Shooting
(1998) C.I.A. Says It Used Nicaraguan Rebels Accused of Drug Tie
Consider this
On the 18th anniversary of 9/11, remember that videos like these were held secret by the government and/or ignored by mainstream media. Included are the testimony of eyewitnesses and statements from government, media, and victims family members.
AMA ANNOUNCEMENT: Hawaii Congresswoman and Candidate for President of the United States **TULSI GABBARD** will be joining us for an AMA here at r/WayoftheBern on Wednesday, September 4th, at 5 pm Eastern/4 Central/2 Pacific/11 am Hawaii!
Epstein ALIVE! Seen on Island 8/30 via Drone Footage?
Hundreds signing up to storm Fun Time Kidz Day Care
Looking for blogger I used to follow.
Is the so-called 'Bermuda Triangle' a HOAX? If so, why would they lie about that?
FBI Confiscates Veterans Weapons Because he Advocated Self Defense
AMA ANNOUNCEMENT: Hawaii Congresswoman and Candidate for President of the United States **TULSI GABBARD** will be joining us for an AMA here at r/WayoftheBern on Wednesday, September 4th, at 5 pm Eastern/4 Central/2 Pacific/11 am Hawaii!
Annoying Cat Exposes Jeffrey Epstein With The Full Story
The objective of the "Storm Area 51" event is to disrupt climate protests.
Reddit Is Quietly Ramping Up Its ‘Anti-Evil’ Content Moderation Teams
Hong Kong protests Vs Ukrainian protests
Jeffrey Epstein’s ‘Fixer’ Who Had Information on Epstein Case Mysteriously Disappears
How deep does the rabbi hole go?
They don't teach you about the Nazi-Poland Pact of 1934. Both Poles and Nazis wanted to invade Soviet Union—Poland would take Ukraine, Nazis take the Baltics.
You can't claim to go against any of these groups if even your propaganda protesters act EXACTLY like them.
Washington group connected to Epstein is covering up the rape of a 10 year old boy!!!
Pentagon structures all over the world perfectly connected... Can this be possible?
(2007) September 11, 2001 : the French knew long. As of January 2001, the secret service were informed of the projects of hijacking planes for Al-Qaeda. Dozens of documents of the DGSE show : the networks of Osama Bin Laden were infiltrated for several years
what if your birth marks on your body, were how and where you were born in your past life?
TIL about the other Walmart shooting this weekend that didn't make national news
Trump is simply a celebrity promoting products (agendas) that someone else made.
8ch might of been brought down because it has the kind of people to actually challenge the current system
A Chance at Exoneration for Michael Flynn?
Is there a theory like this one about about why we have not gotten proof of ufo or other paranormal phenomena?
If we know about the governments doing all these evil things and making the world shit then what are we supposed to do?
Page one
About targeted individuals and how you fight back, this is new ground for me and many others.(never dismiss ppl as crazy just because you dont understand them!)
Which freedom do you miss the most?
Who was the agent who said the MKULTRA document releases were a limited hangout?
Paid Protesters / Crisis Actors
True...
Study Proving “Definitively” That Fire Didn’t Bring Down WTC Building 7 To Be Released Tomorrow
There is an inexplicable amount of videos of dogs singing the "Two And Half Men" theme song.
What the secret.
Official Police Video Shows Parkland Shooter Cruz Was Delusional (Possibly Drugged) And Saw Demons
Adam Schiff’s New Law Expands Definition of ‘Domestic Terrorism’, Promotes FBI Entrapment
I keep having these conspiracy related day dreams where we figured it all out and everything is perfect.
Does anyone have any Australian conspiracy theories?
Police in the US Kill Citizens at Over 70 Times the Rate of Other First-World Nations
The Terrorists Among US – Cyber Terrorists Publicly Expose Themselves
‘Wish You Were Here’: Roger Waters performs in support of Julian Assange in London | Ruptly
Untouchable - The Rise And Fall Of Harvey Weinstein (2019)
Just yesterday my gf was telling me she preferred sports bras because they have no wires... my google home is clearly eavesdropping.
How gullible are we?
Do you think the story behind the movie Body Snatchers, replacement of people by identical doubles, might be true, at least to some extent?
What is disclosure? At what point do we say, ahh, finally they admit it? Is this not enough?
How gullible are we?
Just yesterday my gf was telling me why she always prefers sports bras (spoiler alert: wires). My google home is listening to my conversations.
Isn't it crazy how when Brett Kavanaugh was accused of Rape, his "victims" were followed by the Media daily, but Epstein's victims are never talked to?
What do the pyramids mean?
Only one-third of Americans believe Jeffrey Epstein committed suicide—so why does the New York Times?
How gullible can we get?
Epstein-Barr | Mononucleosis | About Virus | Mono | CDC
Dunno if this is posted before, but it looks like something 200' long crashed and slide around 2500' on the south georgia and south sandwich islands
20 Reasons to be skeptical of man-made Global Warming.
Vape is a health problem now
Everywhere I look I see people promoting unhealthy lifestyles. Who is benefiting from this? Certainly not people not taking care of themselves...
Saudis Carry Out Yet Another Terrorist Attack, Bombing Yemen Prison and Killing over 100: Saudi Arabia and their allies have killed or injured roughly 40,000 Yemeni civilians since 2015. The US provides the bulk of military weaponry and support for the Saudi-led coalition.
Can someone answer me this question?
How gullible can we get?
What is happening in Hong Kong?
Stanley Myers - Conspiracy
Hmmmm
Study Proving “Definitively” That Fire Didn’t Bring Down WTC Building 7 to Be Released Tomorrow: While this study may *appear* to be a step in the right direction, it's very possible that it's meant as *another* red herring and distraction from the true cause of the tower's collapse.
May 1934 - H.G. Wells Predicts World War 2
The Epstein Narrative
This explains a lot...
Thoughts?
May 1934 - H.G. Wells Predicts World War 2
If they have actually known about this for a while, could it have played a role in a lot of the weirder conspiracies on here like mind control?
The Denver Airport
Wonder how epstein island is fairing in Dorian
A Conspiracy to create fake worlds exposed! Georges Méliès – Visual Effects History –
rhis Hurricane is a lie.
Neurocapitalism: Facebook and Neuralink are building brain-reading tech
Has whataburger successfully paid off / threatened people and news outlets to remove video?
Norway’s Stolen Children? (i am from Norway and have seen this happen numerous times, and seldom for a good reason)
Hong Kong Police just used a Helicopter to drop UV Powder on protestors gathered at Tamar Park. They will likely lock down MTR (subway) stations later and arrest those who have the glowing powder on their person.
I found this in r/detrans about the pushing of trans stuff on kids, made me think for a minute
For decades in art circles it was either a rumour or a joke, but now it is confirmed as a fact. The Central Intelligence Agency used American modern art - including the works of such artists as Jackson Pollock, Robert Motherwell, Willem de Kooning and Mark Rothko - as a weapon in the Cold War.
Police State Britain - NHS reports retired doctor to government Prevent organisation for joining Extinction Rebellion protest.
"Neo-Nazi" site lists photographs, names of thousands of Yeshiva U. student. Of course, it's acceptable for Canary Mission to do the same and more to BDS supporters.
About rainbows...
Diagnosed with a viral stomach infection over a week ago and still having issues
Michael Jackson was murdered! the truth about Sony &amp; the Catalogue
Global Law that force corporations to Pay a minimun 50% earned from private data on the Internet.
I think this every time I watch a CGI movie.
Anyone else wonder more and more everyday what the purpose of all this is?
Some anon is making an Epstei Island Game
Norway’s Stolen Children? This has been going on for decades, but ppl trust the tv and rumors, not much Viking blood left here...sadly, soccer and beer keeps many ppl in a ignorant situation. To put it mildly.....
This completely changed my perspective on Kenye West
child services by HOTT Bill Cooper R:I:P
Had a /r/showerthoughts on Biden's health
Epstein Island Game demo
Epstein madam forced to hand over 17 years of documents
Obama and Zach Galifianakis.
At Least 32 Military Members Have Become Mass Shooting Victims in the Past 3 Years
Is Maynard James Keenan from Tool Secretly A Pedophile?
WILLIAM COOPER "The death of an American patriot" a MUST see!
Flynn Accuses Prosecutors of Hiding Exculpatory Evidence, Demands They Be Removed
Firearm confiscation on the Basis of Thought Crime
“We’ll just conveniently wipe all traces of evidence at Epstein’s island via geo-engineering”
"Conspiracy theorist" is used as a disparaging term. Skeptic is not.
I think the Indian Government wants a Hindu - Muslim riot.
Declassified CIA document about the poison Ricin's effect on Tumors. Why hide this article for 50+ years?
Gold mine of info (for ppl who dont need the punchlines, every 20seconds. WAKEUP! BEFORE ITS TOO LATE)
Just realized that Aaron Swartz "hung himself" on 1/11/2013 which gematrias out to 3-6 aka 666
Happy Birthday Keanu Reeves - 55 today! [international]
There’s something interesting about ‘Epstein’s cause of death on google’
Police shootings at night increased by flashlight pistol attachment
Judaism is the most advanced brainwashing religious cult in history.
Peter Mandelson pictured with Jeffrey Epstein: Labour ex-minister who's friends with Prince Andrew shops with paedophile financier in 2005 after being introduced by Ghislaine Maxwell
The Key to Esoterism 2.0
What did he done this time?
dangerous performance ?? do not try this at home
I said when Cambirdge Analytica went under that someone would just take their place. Seems Facebook has done so.
What is the missing CIA Family Jewel ?
I am proud of my creation.
ShowerThoughts is a karma farm owned and operated by a select few Redditors
Q didn't repeat with Time Magazine's 25 Most Influential People on the Internet in 2019. Q made Time's list in 2018. Larpists concerned for Q's popularity can relax now.
Theory
Kevin Hart Conspiracy
Abby Martin on Epstein- This is the best analysis: I've herd yet:
Speculation on Marianne Williamson's comments made about Trump
CLIMATE FORCING | Our Future is Cold
I would like to have a discussion about the 1969 moon landing. I was born in the 90s and like any other kid went to school and was educated. I became an adult and came to a lot of realizations (lack of a better term) about history and life. One of those being the moons landing
Figured this would but your ally...
Wonder why they photoshoped all the stars out?
I think TPTB will usher in the next phases of the NWO by creating a false flag alien invasion, and the citizens of the world will be murdered outright with the remainder being forced underground by their respective governments.
Millionaire Model Agency Boss thought to have information on Epstein disappearance, disappears
Project Zyphr is Israel's "tag, track and ID" program. Opposition to Zionism has become a big enough threat to Zionism and Zionism's agenda for a world government based in Jerusalem that people talking about it are being killed. The Zionist plan calls for millions to be disappeared.
A strange Doomsday Cult has invaded Cheyenne, Wyoming.
Someone please explain.
This Interview ENDED His Life
UFOs in Biblical Times ??
Proof Aliens are Being Covered Up in 9 Minutes (OC)
Amos is removing all posts
Were there UFOs during Biblical times ? Are these UFOs in these paintings ? Just watched this vid, check it out id love to know your thoughts.
Whoa There Google! Doublespeak to control the narrative at its finest
Did Epstein ever have a funeral?
EXCLUSIVE! The Video The Internet Is Scared To Show You! Extraordinary "The Seeding" 2019
The Shooter has a Racist Manifesto
This comment got over 500 upvotes, this was at the same time when r/T_D got banned, and now you can't mention anything negative about trump without being downvoted. I think there had been a plot to make us look bad, I'll do some research and come back with my findings
The funniest censorship known to google. Entertain me
This comment got over 562 upvotes, this was at the same time when r/T_D was banned, now you will get hammered with downvotes if you criticise trump. I think there has been a plot to make us look bad, I'll do some research and bring back my findings.
Las Vegas man's Apollo 11 film reels auctioned for $1.8M
If you still believe the Rusty Shackelford videos are legit
Anybody else sick and tired of the “DELETE FUCKING EVERYTHING” mentality that mainstream websites have after a tragic event happens?
Artist Lizzo next to go
What are your opinions on Alex Jones? I know some think he’s placed and calculated by higher ups. I’m new here and I always enjoyed him on joe rogan but I was wondering what this community thought about him?
Reddit user charged $5.00 on Amazon Prime, after torrenting film, Interstellar; didn't have VPN.
Looking for pizzagate info
Did we REALLY just basically ignore the 50th anniversary of the Moon Landing? Was it in the news at all? Was there a government event celebrating it? It just came and went with no fanfare.
hmmmm
Big brother
Hezbollah Hits Back at Israeli Army but Without Casualties
Odessa shooters amazing shooting skills
Popular royalty related burger joint advertising veggie burgers.
Thoughts on Anthony Bourdain’s “suicide”. Was he another victim of the Clinton’s? Harvey Windstein hit? Or was he “suicided” like a lot of other famous people within the last few years?
Who killed Epstein?
We all know this sub is compromised. If there are any newbs out there seek knowledge elsewhere or be prepared to go down many false rabbit holes.
WHO KILLED JEFFREY EPSTEIN?
Best podcasts about interesting conspiracy theories?
Eric Davis Debate on Knapp - I need the original source :D
Lord Jacob Rothschild “My family created Israel”
Who really opposes 5G? Mysterious Flyers warning of health hazards
Not to be a kooky conspiracist (r/showerconspiracies really should be a thing) but...
WWIII
Programming?
Eric Davis Debate on Knapp over Facebook
When you're new to the party
Big brother wants to control the people even more.
Increasing "apocalyptic" events
Typical conversation with a Trump hating liberal
Intro of my book, related to first post (How tap water was contaminated + i became a sleeper agent)
Is India’s new moon probe gonna be the one that finds water on the moon? Buzz Aldrin said they would with the first one. According to him we already found it, but we’re gonna let India take the credit for some unknown reason.
Alex Jones before and after selling out
What conspiracy theories have been proven to be true?
Thoughts? Link in comments
Interesting Tap...
Just read this conspiracy theory on twitt....Alabama WILL get hit and Trump will be lauded as correct
Good documentaries to watch?
Illuminati
Found this on Instagram when wanting to tag pics from a daddy daughter dance. How the hell is this allowed on Instagram? 1.2 million posts...
Laugh now, cry later 🎭 👺
Did you notice the recent superhero movie where every single villain, bully or negative character was black?
Why do all of my cigarettes have star/sun shaped stains?
Anyone else notice horses in CAFOs scattered across Kansas?
Hey guys! Is this where the chemtrails come from?
How Can We Blame This On White Gun Owners?: At High School Football Game in Alabama Between All-Black Schools, Black Gunman Shoots At Least 10 People
Intro to Jessie Venturas 63 documents the government doesn't want you to read
Why Americans Should Distrust “Mental Health Experts”
Damn it feels good to be a gangsta
Is company policy what fuels the spread of white nationalism?
Paris has been trying a new system that uses four microphones to triangulate the origins of a sound and link it with CCTV footage...
Wtf is this!?
Dorian and its ever changing path
Boys wet the bed twice as much as girls and for much longer...perhaps connected to the trauma of circumcision?
Trump tweets potential classified intel &amp; source via a tweet
What are the elites plans regarding A.I / quantum computing/ and Large Hadroon Colliders
Why do you think Elon Musk is sure we live in a simulation? Submission request
Rosalind Peterson at UN about Agroculture and Geoengineering
Is reddit purposely pushing the Swedish subreddit?
Reality = Men in Black + Donald Barr's Space Relations?
8/30/19 video on Epstein Island. Could it be..?
Zio-Lobby Makes Politician Apologize for 'Dual Loyalty Trope' ...
Anyone know of unique brain activity papers that list the potential to interfere or interact with radio waves?
Why I don't believe Mars/moon colony theories
This Hermann Nitsch guy is like Marina Marina Abramovic on steroids.
German President asks for forgiveness from Poland for Nazi 'tyranny' in Second World War
I've known this Mandela effect for years because I would read these books as a kid
google censorship getting increasingly worse and obvious day by day
Brain trauma suffered by U.S. diplomats abroad could be work of hostile foreign government
There are no Extraterrestrials in area 51 because we live in a simulation
"Seth ator" is an anagram of asteroth.
Dumbest Conspiracy Theories 🤣
Some guy is making an Epstein Island adventure game
Online dating websites and AI
The Red-Green Alliance and the Real Devil of Mogadishu
[META]Hollywood Blames GOP for Midland-Odessa Shooting: 'Time to Take These Sh*ts to Task for Murder'. The globalists predictably use faux outrage to push their disarmament agenda. Note how they ignore inner city shootings, which account for the majority of shootings in the US.
Where are the gay frogs?
On the surnames of non-Gentile celebrities
The Epstein shill narrative is getting old
Weather Technology, and Science. Geoengineering Exposed by: Acallforanuprising (Mirror)
Boris Johnson is the Beast of the Apocalypse
Odessa Shooter obsessed with Bitcoin, said if he died it was a setup according to a friend
Conspiracy Theories Are Now Called Terrorism by Mainstream Media
There is a cure for cancer
How to fight - Targeted Individuals 101 (my posts are being cencored?)
My theory of life
Is there a reason some MSM outlets won’t reveal the names of mass shooters?
I visited the Scientology subreddit just one out of curiosity and now every day I get multiple trending notifications from that subreddit
So who is that on Epstein's island yesterday?
Hollywood elite Jim Davis makes an ominous comic just before 9/11. What did he know? Deeply disturbing
Watch The Cancer Cure Cover-Up Documentary. The FDA has been trying to suppress alternative cancer treatment for over 30 years. (Duration 1:50.55 )
Complete Cooper MP3 Collection :: Hour of the Time
height doesn't matter
Is it just me or is the real war against white male masculinity? Cuz remember these shootings are white nationalist racists.
Besides making people lose their ability to focus on the problems of society, I think the elites want people to become addicted to the different distractions present in the media and culture.
US officials confirmed Israel was responsible for the attack on the Iranian weapons depot in Iraq.
"The hope of a secure and livable world lies with disciplined nonconformists who are dedicated to justice, peace and brotherhood." -MLK.
Psychologist Dr. Daniel Brown, leading expert on hypnosis, interviewed the accused assassin of Robert F. Kennedy for more than 60 hours and believes that he was hypnotized into firing a weapon as part of a conspiracy.
Vitamin D is more effective than flu vaccines, study says.
Homeland security has received at least $791 billion since 9/11. (2013)
Weinstein
What's the ONE, most potent piece of evidence in favor of your favorite conspiracy theory?
The making of an opioid epidemic. How the pharmaceutical companies used their influence in the medical industry in order to create a painkiller epidemic.
Shooting in Odessa Tx. The shooting happened 24 hours ago and the Post has a picture from 3 days ago. The guy was pulled over for not changing lanes on the interstate. They must’ve know something about this guy. Also there’s zero social media presence from this guy
Gematria/lottery numbers
Was Weinstein punished for making Diana?
A Note to the recent Pedophile Normalizers popping up here lately
Prince Andrew and Jeffrey Epstein: What we know - BBC News don't want you to know
Shockingly thorough run down on the Bilderberg group and the 2019 likely intentions - Bloomberg
Mandela Effect: summary and links
Drone footage from two days ago.
Well now that’s a double standard
Mandela Effect... Two different spellings of the Bernst(e/a)in Bears...
78% of the drug arrests in the US involve a gram or less, mostly of Marijuana. But a JP Morgan ship with 20 tons of Cocaine goes scot-free.
15 years ago today, the worst school massacre by far. Analysis article from 2010: "Moscow theatre siege: Questions remain unanswered"
The REAL Jeffrey Epstein Conspiracy (America Uncovered)
Ilhan Omar Openly Declares Support For Terror Group On Twitter
The Juul Conspiracy Theory
Is this real? What are the odds? Someone let me know lol
The Power Grid - The Cultivation of Electrical Control.
Shooter identified: "Seth Ator: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know"
If you believed the U.S. Army can't stop or prevent Dorian or any other threat Hurricane, then you were wrong.
Females who walk around with their phones in their back pockets are secretly recording us pervs who look at their ass.
Does anybody have information or remember a video about castles made of glass on the moon ?
The Internet Should Be a Public Good: The Internet was built by public institutions — so why is it controlled by private corporations?
The Conspiracies Fly At Denver International Airport - Spookwire
POLICE Caught Faking a HOAX SNIPER SHOOTING in California
Broadway producer Ben Sprecher arrested on child porn charges
Even more disturbing trends as I notice
A reminder to sort by New and/or Controversial from time to time
Freaking Tom Steyer
You remember Aaron Swartz? The Reddit co-founder who was fired in 2006 and became a hactivist. He was arrested after downloading a bunch of documents off of j stor to make public. He committed suicide by hanging supposedly.
You remember Aaron Swartz? The Reddit co-founder who was fired in 2006 and became a hactivist. He was arrested after downloading a bunch of documents off of j stor to make public. He committed suicide by hanging supposedly.
A “Need for Chaos” and the Sharing of Hostile Political Rumors in Advanced Democracies
It said I didn’t post an as, here is a suspicious crash site in Antarctic island. Something appears to have crash landed.
Banned and Muted from r/Sino after replying to a comment about how the Communist Party of China should take over the rest of the world. I was wondering how long it would take.
Prime Andrew's ex girlfriend Lady Hervey says she shared an 'intimate banquet' with Clinton, Trump, Epstein and Maxwell. Then she stayed at JE's 'sex flat' where she was spied on
You don't even need a patsy anymore.
Hong Kong Police may have beaten a man to death
12 12 12
Does anyone else ever feel impressed with how intricate some of these things are?
Radiation level spikes in really odd places ... should we be concerned? Link in reply.
Goldberg: White House sources say Zionists to round up millions of Americans after a staged power blackout. All rounded up by DHS/ICE, all typically white and suburban, will be murdered.
Protesters in HK destroying MTR stations...What is next?
3 People pay the majority of trumptrolls astroturfing for trump through Cryptocurrency on the internet.
Ex-IPCC co-chair: Climate policy is not environmental policy. It is a way to redistribute the world’s wealth
XPost /r/AskReddit: What are some declassified government documents that are surprisingly terrifying?
Hong Kong police may have beaten a person to death
Telepsychiatry industry expanded nationally for 20+ years. Won't be surprising if CIA &amp; NSA do sweep up and abuse Telepsychiatry online sessions to create their mind-controlled operatives.
Did you know Jack Ruby admitted there was a conspiracy to kill JFK and it was recorded?
Jeffrey Epstein, Red Pill
Hong Kong Liberal Studies Curriculum
A great website with tons of declassified data from both the CIA and FBI. "MuckRock"
An outline on Epstein &amp; info that I’ve gathered thru the MSM. It’s all spread out between different sources, but no one wants to make a clear roadmap of these events. Please lmk if you have any additional info &amp; don’t stop talking about this, don’t let them bury this story or call it a conspiracy.
Is God of the Holy Bible really more than one being?
Open discussion regrding thoughts concerning Odessa Shooter.
What the heck happened with Notre Dame??
Has Self Taught Software Infiltrated MS Culture?
Confusing local property
Why did so many powerful people keep falling for Epstein’s trick?
Manipulated search engine results?
The Problem With JFK Assasination Conspiracies
Can't you Americans stop shooting each other ?
Too much is actually happening to be a coincidence right? There must be an organized effort to control the masses. - THE SECRET COVENANT
Can we stop the circle jerkin?
Confusing local property
hidden in plain sight, the binary solar system; ionized clouds...
Managed to get myself banned from r/Sino after replying to a comment about how the CPC should take over the rest of the world. I was wondering how long it would take.
Weir says ADL claims against her are intended to hide Israeli crimes. If Americans Knew blog.
This kid with balls of steel in the middle of Times Square this weekend.
Conspiracy Theorists when reddits servers go down just as the Chinese government starts violently attacking Hong Kong protesters...
Indian Government is wanting a Hindu-Muslim war and hence are still holding Kashmir under surveillance till the residents get so full of rage that they start bombing everything once out.
Protests and Near-Arrests in Assembly Appropriations When SB 276(no more vaccine exemptions) is Passed on Party Lines Ahead of Hearing
Newbie question. Are the ‘reptiles’ a real conspiracy or just a joke?
UK Telegraph - After MMR vaccine boy develops severe epilepsy, doctors find vaccine measles virus in his brain
Love America
Currently an AskReddit "What are some declassified government documents that are surprisingly terrifying?" that's got a suprising amount of replies/upvotes.
The Internet was created inside the Pentagon, and almost every Tech company is a CIA front.
Top thread in /r/aww post not about getting a needle, but specifically about getting "vaccinated"
Planned Parenthood located very close to Beyond Meat and Impossible Foods; all manner of Deep State links
A thread in r/AskReddit about terrifying declassified government documents has over 25,000 upvotes, so I put together a compilation of some of the documents and events mentioned in that thread.
Hmmm
Weather Modification for Hurricane Dorian??
Steve Jobs In Syria 2019?
Ghost Army – A World War Two Drama About A Conspiracy To Fake Combat!
Prediction: Big terror/shooting event(s) coming on Monday or Tuesday to distract from the release of independent 9/11 Building 7 study
Is Dorian going straight for Florida? They say it'll turn but so far it's not
The ambulance that took Epstein away from Prison is at his island...
So the person who runs this "cafe" thinks it's completely real
The first 10 minutes of Dave Chappelle's Netflix Special he tries to normalize Pedophilia
How CIA-Backed Palantir Is Helping Police Root Out 'Thought Crimes': As of 2013, Palantir's client list includes the CIA, the FBI, the NSA, the CDC, the Marine Corps, the Air Force, Special Operations Command, West Point and the IRS.
YouTube Bans Infowars Relaunch...Days After Promising to Allow 'Controversial' Content
Chicken Sandwich Conspiracy: The lords chicken and the Devils chicken
New World Order in Meltdown: The globalist New World Order project is in its death throes. It has bumped its head against an impenetrable Sino-Russian wall of resistance. They needed to take over either China or Russia to gain absolute world hegemony.
LOOKS LIKE JEFFREY EPSTEIN’S CHILLING ON HIS ISLAND AFTER BEING DEAD FOR 22 DAYS (link below)
Brexiteers' puppet Boris Johnson pushes the endo-capitalist war to its limits
JEFFREY EPSTEIN ON CHILD TRAFFIC ISLAND LITERALLY 22 DAYS AFTER BEING PRONOUNCED DEAD (at around 2:20 in the clip)
HK protest is a reminder of how influential and scary media portrayal can be; with heavy sensationalism and tweaking of truth from BOTH sides
The any vax mayhem has nothing to do with health it is about immigration
Some hardcore shilling going on in the comment section of this r/youtubehaiku post
But hey, conspiracy theorists are crazy.
My Search Results have now changed after Reddit being offline the other day. Previously I was still shown r/HongKong, despite other people complaining about their search being censored... I sure wonder what the reason for the downtime was.
I’m starting to think there are no hot singles in my area like the ads say.
What do you think about how humans have one in a zillion chance of developing a civilization?
{Dr Gary Null and Janine Roberts on vaccines, HIV/aids, fraudulence, misconduct, and the poor science behind the information surrounding them} (Shocking!)
Pro-vaccine crowd has gone so crazy that even suggesting supplementary things on top of vaccines, like washing hands, is met with hate.
Hurricane predictions are a conspiracy
Victim testimonies permanently deleted by UK child sex abuse inquiry
Should gun violence really be the focus of the media?
I Wonder
Get your news from multiple sources and then form an opinion folks, we live in a biased world and it does not seem like it's going to improve anytime soon. Also please suggest from where you get your news which seems unbiased to you.
PROOF aliens are real in 5 minutes!!! #ufwhoa (OC)
Its been nearly 24 hours since the Odessa, TX mass shooting. I wonder why the MSM hasn't released his identity and political affiliation, like it did within hours of the El Paso shooting.
Once again, illegal immagrant walks away from murder because democrats need voters.
On the nature of the United States and it’s place in history. Are NATO, Japan, South Korea, Australia, etc etc just client states?
Police Unveil System That Allows Them to Watch Video from Your Phone’s Camera
Darpa urgently seeks urban underground tunnel system.
Baltimore has had 3 quadruple shootings in the last 3 days. Why doesn't the MSM cover these mass shootings?
The US. government reaction when asked to do something about rampant pedophilia everywhere.
HITLER died as a FREE MAN in the cradle of the capitalist World in the 60's and I can prove it!!!
On of the worst cases I've come across! Child abuse and snuff! And he still walks free! Warwick Spinks! Warning graphic content!
How Project TRUMP took sovereignty over deep underground bases of Nazis and Malevolent Aliens on US territory and Antartica.
Why has the content on the front page changed so much recently
Use "their" fuck ups in your language, that's the most damage an individual can do.
So who is that on Epstein's island yesterday?
The Boy Scouts of America seem to have taken a lesson from the Catholic Church/Jesuit order. For years both organizations would cover up pedophile scandals. They would then move the leaders Priests/Troop Leaders to different towns so that they could continue their sick habits.
Alien Face in Antarctica?
Faith
Mk Ultra Postal Mode
I think buzz aldrin knows what's out there and thinks that this whole space force is going to rub some people in the know, in the wrong way.
The USA has annual GDP of 20.494 trillion $. Where is that money ? Certainly not in your pocket !
Ashkenazi Claims to Palestine Debunked by DNA &amp;amp; True History
UFO seen at Area 51
Undiscovered species footage filmed by one man in Canada. How has this not been analyzed by science yet?
Anyone still awake? AMA related to conspiracies. I’m bored and can’t sleep
Can we get a pinned post with detailed videos about conspiracy?
Did these conspiracy theories turn out to be true?
Conspiracy theory: Future World
What the heck is this? Found it on the way home. Anyone knows what is it?
A lot of /r/askreddit most up voted posts are very sexual.
Estonian Musician, Kerli teaching her fans how to practice Witchcraft.........Why are people Silent about this!!!
Dreams and Astral Projection
Amazon "seller" comes In to defend Amazon when buyers are royally screwed and Amazon listed an unsafe product. It's the manufacturers fault. The circle jerk of selling bull shit then blaming others to screw the consumer will be a huge conspiracy.
Found this comment on a random fb post. Not sure whether or not it's true, but I wouldn't be surprised.
Ask
Creator of "tweleve forever" made a tumblr post back in 2009. She Even used a #pedophile tag too.
Linking CCP to TPTB
Dire straights, currently drugged at Walmart need help. It's so bad.
Anon’s take on Globalisation and why Europe and Chine may be in trouble. Also claims that mass migration into Europe is to keep a pyramid scheme going slightly longer
What are some interesting time travel conspiracies?
9/11 - The Footage They Didn’t Let You See Twice
If the Bible would only be interpreted as Metaphorical, Then...There had to be Epsteins and Corrupt Politicians in early AD
I can't believe my kids are being taught this. I studied in the same school over 20 years ago.. This is not right. P.s. I come from a conservative country..
9/11 - THE FOOTAGE THEY DIDN'T LET YOU SEE TWICE
The NFL caused the XFL to have a massive power failure in order to kill the hype of its competitor
Oldie but goodie.
Jesus was made up by the Romans to end human sacrifice
What is going on with the weather?
How do you still function in spite of our reality?
Going out on a limb, but as a sweet Texas citizen and about 45 mins down the road from Midland Odessa area, I'm seriously concerned.
An Open Secret (2014) - Featured Documentary
The occultist societies that drove those surrounding Hitler and the Japanese emperor were nothing new. Occultism, witchcraft, communing with entities such as jinns and demons is very much a part of Christianity, Islam and Judaism.
r/watchpeopledie is slowly becoming r/justiceserved. I feel like I should ask r/nostupidquestions why we can't see people die there instead.
YouTube Has Been Harvesting Kids' Data for Years and the FTC Seems Fine with That
[Brain Zapping: Diplomats] Recent revelations of US and Canadian diplomats being attacked by EMF/RF weaponry in Cuba lends an unprecedented amount of legitimacy to the claims made by targeted individuals around the world
Expulsion of Jews 1100-1600
Lol. I have been wanting to post something like this for a while. Im just gonna steal this one. What do you think about it?
I can't believe my kids are being taught this. I studied in the same school over 20 years ago.. This is not right. P.s. I come from a conservative country..
As he went he remembered the words of Raphael, and he took the live ashes of incense and put the heart and liver of the fish upon them and made a smoke. And when the demon smelled the odor he fled to the remotest parts of Egypt, and the angel bound him.
Me scrolling through my YouTube “liked videos”
Odessa shooting: At least five dead, Texas police say
The Radium Girls - Why when a company says their product is safe, it’s worth double checking or doing your own research.
The best 9/11 compilation I have seen in years
Trump made up phone call with China at G7 summit, White House aides admit
The Blue Pill or the Red Pill? You Pick.
Trump considering neurobehavioral tech to predict mass shootings,
##THE GREATEST PHILANTHROPIST an Epstein's tale##
9/11 Compilation
Back in 2012 a 12 year old girl named BridgeAnne d’Avignon discovered that all U.S. presidents but one ( Martin van Buren ) are blood related to each other. They are descendants of the same English king, John Lackland Plantagenet.
Anyone watch the new cyberpunk 2077 trailer?
Hong Kong “protestor” seen throwing molotov with airsoft gun on belt, later seen arresting another protestor.
Psychiatric Diagnoses Found to Be "Scientifically Meaningless"
Pointing out that 2 posters seemed to be shadowbanned on r/news got me instantly banned and shadowbanned. Top notch censor.
What will you do if the government sends cops you your house demanding you give up your guns?
What conspiracy theories turned out to be true?
The police in Hong Kong have hired the triads to do their dirty work for them, such as controlling protests by beating and injuring the protestors.
Getting everyone together
Netflixes “The Dark Crystal: Age of Resistance” is an adaptation of Eyes Wide Shut and the Deep States Pedophile Ring
Do not let anyone or anything outside of you become the master of your mind. They’ve been trying to control it for decades – pushing false narratives, telling you how to think, what to think, and what to believe. Become The Master of Your Mind.
Nutrition, chemical disrupters, early onset puberty, and psychological disorders.
Synchromystic breakdown of 911 culture
Ignore all the conspiracies around you - The Management
Why should you get into meditation? TPTB dont want you to know about this...
is blackstone intelligence reliable?
The Key to Esotericism (deleted thread)
Campfire had no warnings to get out....
Google controls the weather.
This is what I hate about talking about conspiracies on reddit
This sub sounds the alarm, telling people to be vigilant, for some reason we get laughed at.
Why Buren?
Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey's account hacked
Results of the 2016 election as a simple theory.
Full Interview of Alex Jones and Immortal Technique (~2009)
[Brain Zapping: Diplomats] Recent revelations of US and Canadian diplomats being attacked by EMF/RF weaponry in Cuba lends an unprecedented amount of legitimacy to the claims made by targeted individuals around the world
How do you cope with the state of the world?
President Donald Trump tweeted a photo that sure looks like a classified document...
Allot of focus has been put on trying to shift the political alignment of Texas
Hmmmmm
Am I fucking crazy or was this book published in 1996 buried?
Contaminated Tap Water conspiracy.
What is wrong with Greta and this spasms?
Active Shooter near Twin Peaks in Odessa, TX
Odessa Shooting - More than 1 Shooter?
Censorship is discrimination.
Contaminated Tap Water Conspiracy
Ummmm... how...what the...
BBC doc on Freemasonry and Captain Morgan (Whistleblower not Spiced Rum).
BBC Freemasonry Doc on Captain Morgan (Whistleblower not Spiced Rum)
Odessa shooting
Mass Shootings: A discussion
Now that is interesting:
Shadow, reflection, refraction.? The physics don’t seem to align. Please explain, how this dark line formed..? How the shadow is formed in front of the object instead of behind. Resubmission for lack of contextual/submission statement. Call me a dolt. It’s okay dude.
Another Mass Shooting: Odessa, TX. What do the last 4 Media-Covered Mass Shootings Have In Common? They all were committed on weekends.
Those Who Know the Truth and Experience Depression
DARPA is seeking giant abandoned tunnels for... reasons
During any given investigation, odd anomalies and inconsistencies tend to garner attention from any competent investigator. The murder of Seth Rich is a prime example. This homicide has been riddled with oddities and inconsistencies from the very beginning.
shooting in odessa TX
I hope it’s not against the rules to post a pic here. I thought this sub would like this illustration I did
Is the Aquarius Group a continuation of MK ULTRA using 800 MHz Frequencies? — Steemit
It's time to expand your thinking.
I keep trying to post about 3 Toronto police officers who raped their co-worker - and got away with it - and my posts keep being removed - without any notice or warning - looks like TPS is actively monitoring reddit to protect their RAPIST COPS
YouTube Says It's "More Important Than Ever" To Be Open Platform – One Day After Massive Banning Spree
Not sure if this fits but it definitely raises some flags for me.
Family has Alexa, anyone have any conspiracies about that?
Odessa texas active shooters
AMA of a cia agent basically admitting they use children for blackmail! PRE EPSTIEN!
Any clt conspiracies?
Apple is advertising their Goldman Sach’s credit card as a private card.
What is the dark line? Plane following its path. It disappeared shortly after picture. Some sort of Batman signal flightpath? Weird. I have no explanation.
Am I the only one?
All gay men are autogynephiles
Facebook post about Lubbock / Midland / Odessa Walmart shooting not true ( two weeks ago)
Roman Polanski and sex crimes in general
Underage girl stands accused of making child pornography of herself (sexting)
When you hear the talking point "the US must have went to the moon because the Soviets didn't call them out", remember that there was literally no unfiltered global communication in 1970 that would have allowed anything like that to happen.
Clones? Is it real? Chapelle specifically.
Here's a curveball ...
Can you tell if someone has intelligence training?
U.S. Unleashes Military to Fight Fake News, Disinformation
Epstein: An Occult Perspective
🤔
MASS SHOOTING Odessa, Texas Underway FOUR SHOOTERS One Down, White Male, Police Chase
Who writes the scripts for the top politicians interviews?
Amazing video to watch if you are awake. Something you really should see if you havent....
#pizzacvlt ?
Medieval Diseases Breaking Out in California
What do we think about this? Is it a coincidence that this producer of fake meat is right across the street from a place that allegedly exports dead babies?
Is it just me or does it look like a giant hurricane is forming off Alaska?
My theory on what's going on in the world, and the elites plan for the future.
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 5/?
The matrix is real and I am NEO, I was born into it and am posting this now because I can’t take the mind torture anymore.
Apparently the OIG report on McCabe's leak to Barrett of the WSJ, is an astronomically damning correlation between Loretta Lynch, the NY Field Office of the FBI, McCabe,
Conspiracy Videos
9/11 Organized Archive - Rare, High Quality Pictures Sorted by Subject! (Torrent)
MSM needs Trump to remain President as long as possible
Daystar Church
You have been lied to about intelligence and ethnicity
International Overdose Awareness Day --
Are there any odd conspiracies/false flags/occult rituals that happened in the towns you live in?
If anyone has more info about worldcorp please dm me, I know it’s old shit but 🤷🏾‍♂️
Paranoia Percentage Podcast and Youtube Page!
A funny thing happened on the way to the moon
International Overdose Awareness Day --
Mysterious Oregon cattle killings, mutilations alarm ranchers
Project Stargate (reuploaded)
This was the deleted Post about kidmans father.
Patrick Byrne &amp; Maria Butina relations - thoughts?
‘The absolute worst I’ve ever seen’: Two men accused in case involving children and satanic rituals, bestiality
Cancer can already be cured naturally with high success
Red Flag Gun Laws is a means to detain political enemies without charging or accusing you of a crime.
Joe Rogan, a CIA asset, just dropped major hints that Epstein was a CIA insider on the Jilette podcast. Very strange and defensive tone he took around Epstein
Need help with name of surveillance drone
H3H3 Podcast is having a conspiracy "expert" on their show next Tuesday and there is a thread for questions to ask him on their subreddit: r/h3h3productions go ask questions about proven conspiracies!
Facebook uploads all system libraries on your Android to its servers
The Bolender Document, Blue Book 14, and significant government interest in UFOs. Here is a small sample of times the government mislead the public about UFOs. If there's nothing to hide, why lie about it?
Everyone seems to be waking up!
Ring Doorbell Conspiracy...
Unrest over declaration of Kashmir as its own territory
Good free thinking/anti-establishment poets?
Telepsychiatry industry expanding nationally over 20 years. CIA and NSA can sweep Telepsychiatry online sessions to find candidates for MKUltra ops?
Vatican Bank laundered stolen money of Serbian genocide victims and can't be sued - Dr Jonathan Levy
Official Police Video shows Parkland Shooter Cruz was Delusional and saw Demons
Might transracialism be the new big thing in identity politics, superceding or, perhaps more likely, combining with transgender(ism)?
‘Watergate’ Doesn’t Mean What the Press Thinks It Means
AA Michael- There is only one way to get what you want.
Albert Einstein was offered the first presidency of Israel but he abhorrently refused
“Reddit down?
List of 9/11 Conspiracy Questions
OFFICIAL POLICE VIDEO SHOWS PARKLAND SHOOTER CRUZ WAS DELUSIONAL
Why the sudden shift in Dorian?
President Trump saw that Hurricane Dorian was headed directly for Maralago and SE Florida and ordered a nuke to be dropped on it last night to steer it away from the coast, and it worked! Praise God Emperor Trump for nuking Dorian and saving the United States from imminent catastrophe!
Fireworks Buildings
Every time I keep reading the comments on this subject, an error happens. Reddit blocking the comments?
Local Conspiracy: The location of KSC Kennedy Space Center was chosen because it was very unlikely that it would ever sustain a direct hit from a hurricane.
Women delivering newspapers drowning while on the phone with 911
Every Nuclear Explosion since 1945. (Animated Video)
Imagine if the media put the same amount of energy digging up Epstein's global connections as they put into investigating Trumps. Consider the amount of effort and imagination that was needed to create 3 full years of alarmist Trump-Russia headlines. The masters of speculation are so quiet now! Why?
UFO's are real. This is what they really look like
Is there a conspiracy bigger that the fact that the biggest mass murderer maybe ever, Ayman Al-Zawahiri can't be found?
China is launching a DDoS attack on forums which spread news of HK protests (Reddit, and Hong Kong forum LIHKG targeted in same day)
"Stress Sells." Polly (amazing) dives into the very evil implications of the Zach (Google whistleblower) Voorhees leaks.
Wtf is this shit?
So this is what America has become. A fascist oligarchy where institutionally imposed sentinels are standing guard over your thoughts and words to punish you the moment you stray from the permitted script.
Theory about virgins Roberts
Always an interesting "coincidence" when something like this happens - a unknown cyber attack affects the ability if protesters to communicate...
Strange political/ secret society posters in downtown LA and surrounding areas in the early 1980s
What do we think about this? Is it a coincidence that this producer of fake meat is across the street from a clinic that allegedly exports live and dead babies?
US unleashes military to ensure ‘fair’ elections! DARPA program to censor fake news and deep fakes.
#HK Death Maidan 8/31: By final warning I mean it
What are your go-to resources?
Joan Rivers: Obama è gay e Michelle un trans. Looks like YouTube has been trying to purge this clip.. the only one I found had a title in Spanish..
The Magical Science Behind the Law Of Attraction
Trump’s pardon offer may have violated federal bribery laws
Any info on the WWE (World Wrestling Entertainment)?
The Bridgewater Triangle (reuploaded)
The Oligarchs have teamed with Youtube and Facebook to ban unauthorized communication
Pepe Escobar on his interview with Lula
Would you ever impregnate a female not from earth
The new Dark Crystal show
Were you worried that something terrible was happening this morning?
There is just no way Greater Israel could ever be the ultimate goal of the NWO. Playing with the idea of Hillary and Putin's WWIII. The Rothschilds vs the Jesuits. The Universal Empire and Frenzy Holocaust conspiracy theory.
New York City Plan to 'Desegregate' i.e. eliminate gifted programs, in Schools is insane.
The exact process by which currency is created and manipulated is not generally well understood, but might be the most important aspect of maintaining cabal power. How currency is actually created. (Repost of /u/letsbebuns)
The basic principles of Stoicism.
Catholics and apprentices of the Jesuits at the head of the world's top 50 super connected companies. (X-post from r/Romerules)
Compilation of MSM Eyewitnesses Reporting Seeing Multiple Shooters at El Paso, San Bernardino and Parkland
Stuff to start aboutsituation in Arctica?
Stuff to start aboutsituation in Arctica?
All For Israel: Donald Trump Exposed As An Inside Tool Of The Zionist Swamp - (Comprehensive List of Zionists In Key Positions)
All For Israel: Donald Trump Exposed As An Inside Tool Of The Zionist Swamp - (Comprehensive List of Zionists In Key Positions)
Pepe Escobar on his interview with Lula
Ring Doorbell conspiracy...
Start Video at 11:22. Fox interview with deepstate shill explaining why the 9/11 crime took almost 20 years to go to trial. Listen to his answer @ 13:10
"Academics" rationalizing cannibalism in bid to normalize the practice?
This is my goodbye to Google after 18 years
I was listening to Joe Rogan recently, and he said that "most conspiracy theories fly in the face of science and reason".
This is my goodbye to Google after 18 years
Happy Subversion Day. What Percentage Of U.S. Workers Are Union Members?
Epstein dies and this story fizzles out of the media over time. Isn't it interesting how not one honest investigative journalist at any MSM outlet is trying to connect the dots from Epstein to known pedo orgs like the Catholic church, boyscouts, etc.?
Due to all the accusations
Zeitgeist part two and three (in the SS). Again for people who want jumping points into rabbit holes. I'm not posting these as if they are the word of god. Or that I agree with everything, they're just good starting points for your own research.
The medical community is a money-making-scheme. Not a people-saving-scheme.
Taliban militants attack Afghan city amid ‘peace talks’ with US
#33 Eleven Year, Child-Rape-Trafficking Survivor, Ian's 2nd Report
Cannot post in Reddit freely. What is going on?
Contradictory statements in HK protests are frightening
You can’t claim to oppose the government if you desire a bigger government
Macaulay Culkin had a band called Pizza Underground. I think he was trying to tell us something, but I can't quite put my finger on it...
Macaulay Culkin: Satanic Hollywood elites murder children during rituals
Macaulay Culkin: Satanic Hollywood elites murder children during rituals
Hong Kong Reddit, LIHKG, is down
HK Chiner People say"wWe are not Chiners" but they are Chiners. Look at them in the eye balls. Is this why we canot help them? They canot be trusted and will turn on us? to?
My interpretation of the world at 3am
Only one-third of Americans believe Jeffrey Epstein committed suicide—so why does the New York Times?
Sirhan Sirhan, the man who shot Robert Kennedy, stabbed in prison – reports
Reddit was invested this year by Chinese government-backed Tencent, now when you post a picture about Hong Kong it is scrubbed and you are sent to this filtered location instead
Politicians and corporations don't care about us anymore because there'll be automation and AI
Trial date set for 'architect of 9/11 attacks'
NWO Resistance Anthem (Original Song)
Crisis actors needed 9/6-9/7 in NYC--will david hogg be witness to the Iranian born us citizen with ties to trump attacking the statue of liberty? What wild narrative will the media convince the sheeple is reality to challenge all critical thinking? Welcome to camp fema 🤡
Chechen 'execution' in Berlin linked to Russian intelligence
The world health organization logo is satanic. Everything big harma does, everything they stand for is evil. It's all eugenics depopulation--every day we are learning more about the corruption of our world, I fear we will have an internet blackout sooner than later. Know your symbols 👁
Greed, money &amp; politics are the motivators of amazon forest fire, there is nothing natural about it!!
Reditt is a social manipulation brainwashing machine
Nah rosa parks
2021 Trial Date Set for Five Men Accused of Planning 9/11 Attacks
Maj. Gen. John A. Samford's Statement on "Flying Saucers", Pentagon, Washington, DC, 07/31/1952
Amazon forest fire was not an accident, it was the result of greed and politics,
What Americans die from versus what they search on google and what the media reports on...
What Americans die from versus what they search on google and what the media reports on... spoiler it ain't terrorism or guns
Trump Reveals New Powerful Surveillance Technology
Is this a cloud?
IAMA professional crisis actor, ask me anything!
There's a solution to war, but people aren't interested in sharing it.
Life is The Truman Show, and aliens are watching us from the moon
I've been wanting to get a tattoo but wanted to make sure that the design doesn't have an evil connotation.
Fuck this shit, I'm out. There is some inevitability of using "life optimization" tech for surveillance, and all that shit I own is going on Craigslist tomorrow.
Unredacted Black Book - Illusionist David Copperfield's Private Fantasy Island Musha Cay
Full Unedited 2005 Raid of Jeffrey Epstein's Palm Beach Home
Can Joe Rogan spot a Russian influence agent?
Am I having a Mandela Effect moment?
Twitter CEO's hacked account sends racist tweets before being secured
I know these rags are typically not reputable, but has anybody explored this theory?
There's a solution to war, but people aren't interested in sharing it.
Curious of any theories about any kind of coverup of unusual occurrences of the deep ocean?
Sirhan Sirhan, ACCUSED assassin of Robert F. Kennedy, stabbed in prison. Three mental health professionals - Dr. Bernard Diamond, Dr. Daniel Brown, and Dr. Eduard Simson-Kallas - agree that he was hypnotized into firing a weapon.
I know these rags are typically not reputable, but has anybody explored this theory?
I feel like no one is talking about this.
Police man caught faking a sniper attack.
Hurricanes are overhyped by the media to get us to spend a lot of money out of fear.
I dont want to be 'the Shhh the mods are asleep' but... posting this .https://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/ancient-greek-philosopher-was-exiled-claiming-moon-was-rock-not-god-180972447/
Milo predicts the de-platforming of Joe Rogan
From public libraries, Hollywood and pop culture, high school sports, Kaitlyn Jenner and now snuck into my son's bedtime story book. Meet Coy Mathis.
The Youtube Predator BGY ring?
Is Trump goading the Chinese to attack our elections in 2020?
The Water Conspiracy
The Truth About Vaccines Docu-series - Episode 1 | Robert F. Kennedy Jr Interview | Smallpox Vaccine
Not too long ago someone on here introduced me to Richard Wolff. Saw this lecture and thought some of you would enjoy.
Black Men Built The Great Wall (Evidence)
Hollywood big-shots may as well be this obvious...
How Does This Keep Happening? Cop Guilty of Raping 5yo Girl Gets NO JAIL
Social media might have stopped Tiananmen Square from happening
Ignatiev Remarks: A Correction?
Snow Globe / Flat Earth Showerthoughts
MacaulayCulkin gives insight on the criminal hollywood as a child star witness.
You may have heard of DARPA, now meet HARPA, it's healthcare counterpart...
I dont think it's aliens.
Just realized a huge flaw in Epstein’s tactics regarding transhumanism.
Where do you want the "extremely dangerous" Hurricane Dorian to unleash her fury? The Ap says either the pedophiles at Disney World or President Trump's Maralago Resort?
this info can’t be suppressed!
Shocking story of how Belgium and the US (CIA) killed both the leader of Congo as well as the UN Secretary General 😱 Why? Coz western corporations wanted all the natural resources of Congo. #Africa #Lumumba
Right Wing Astroturfing: What Would a CIA-Controlled Right Wing Movement Look Like?
Nag Hammadi Scriptures
what is it about this video that taps into my primal instincts? and how does it have 2.6 BILLION views?
RFK assassin Sirhan Sirhan was stabbed in a California State prison Friday, and the attack is so severe he's been removed from the prison for treatment.
Finish this theme song using real conspiracies.
What Will Happen When Earth's North And South Pole Flip?
Why The Savior Messiah Got Rejected, Why I Am Not Yet Shown My Full Knowledge Power
Machine learning researchers have recently built programs that recognize human emotions in body language and hand movements. The media is ignoring this — but it literally mimics the technology George Orwell warned about in his novel 1984.
Recorded during class in elementary school?
What will be memory-holed next?
Have you noticed the relationship between reddit and youtube?
Famous former soccer player Eric Cantona gives a strange and cryptic presidential award acceptance speech
That time CIA whistleblower John Kiriakou said if you're in a country committing espionage and you are propositioned to procure child prostitutes that most CIA officers would do their job, and get the child prostitutes
Italy arrests 18 for allegedly brainwashing and selling children
What Brexit is really about
Labor Day? Since Globalism decimated organized labor in the US, as well as the standard of living for the non-billionaires, shouldn't this holiday be renamed Subversion Day?
Just a Reminder, the Anti-Smoking Campaigns are Paid for by Big Tobacco
I am goldfinch
the binary solar system is here.
Hillary got a much better deal than Trump (and no, we the people don't elect anything)
HydroHomies and the rise of water memes on Instagram and other social media is a government effort to combat a health crisis.
Who Visited Weiner In Jail
Does this count?
What does it say about America, when 10’s is thousands of citizens and hundreds of journalists kiss the ass of a disgraced FBI Director?
Has your iPhone been hacked? Google reveals malware attack that’s been happening for years.
CBD and the FDA
The Military-Industrial complex is using shrill and gimmicky Youtubers to recruit you into dying to secure the continued existence of the precious petrodollar.
Aaron Maté demolishes Lawrence O'Donnell's embarrassing Russiagate retraction. Pushback. MSNBC's record is pathetic.
With these photos of Naomi Campbell and Ghislane Maxwell circulating, Joe Rogan talk about an Eyes Wide Shut style party at her house
Jeanine Pirro Compared To Mass Shooter For Discussing 'Plot To Replace American Citizens With Illegals'. When you cant dispute the truth, disparage the speaker.
No-one is mentioning the MP's Summer break.
China's TERRIFYING Social Credit System - Are we next?
The Plan to Use Fitbit Data to Stop Mass Shootings Is One of the Scariest Proposals Yet
138 Department of Defense emails acknowledge ‘read receipt’ of former news reporter Brian D. Hill’s plight
Operation "Crossfire Hurricane" was the FBI led counter intelligence investigation into Trump by Comey, named after a Rolling Stone's song, who are playing in Miami the day before Hurricane Dorian is now targeting Maralago in it's crosshairs.
Netflix/Queer Eye Latina Voting Conspiracy
Why does social media discriminate NUDITY?
Demons and Interdimensional Beings: Will you be fooled?
MSNBC has removed Lawrence O'Donnell's retraction of, and apology for, his story on "Russian Oligarchs co-signing Trump loans at Deutsche Bank" from their on-demand library.
Democrats call for full probe of DOJ’s handling of Epstein | Miami Herald
Looking to investigate the other perspective...
Adam and Eve story foretold Satan will one day win and rule the world!
The mainstream media has for several days consciously been trying to associate Hurricane Dorian to President Trump by repeatedly saying Maralago is in the crosshairs.
From almost the very beginning of the media's coverage of Hurricane Dorian they have gleefully reported that Maralago is directly in the path of the storm, despite a still very large area of uncertainty in the track and other anomalies in the progression of Dorian.
President Trump on Twitter: "Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7, only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous, never happened!"
Fox News obtains footage from a 2005 raid of Epstein's Palm Beach mansion
George HW Bush funeral...the envelopes
I have Lyme disease and other tick-bourne diseases and it's killing me.
Conspiracy Theories Are Terrorism
I'm just going to leave this here.
Does this resonate with anyone
We have so much information about Ebstien's circle of friends but only a trickle all the victims? Why?
Penn Jillette seems uncomfortable when Jeffrey Epstein gets brought up on JRE
The Face in Antartica 72°00'36.0"S 168°34'40.0"E
Mystery of the Mysterious Space Plan Solved
Today the Chinese rover on the moon found an odd Gel like substance. Cancelled further plans to stay in the found area.
The Great Replacement isnt real
ICYMI, Several months ago there was a viral AMA with an 'Andrew Bustamante' who the mods 'verified' as a CIA operative who pled the 5th Amendment when asked if the CIA uses child prostitution to blackmail and control assets.
Autopsy proves Mac Miller died with a cock in his mouth.
Piece of "Artwork" at Ghislaine Maxwell's house.
There is a Plan to Use Data to Stop Mass Shootings (HARPA)
Is this a familiar theory?
Jeffrey Epstein "suicided" at 66.6 years old.
Anyone know any compelling conspiracies about WWI?
Reminder: a confirmed CIA operative did a reddit AMA earlier this year. He "pled the Fifth" when asked if they use child prostitutes to control assets.
Jack Dorseys Twitter is one of the most followed accounts and as such a large target for hackers so wouldn't it make sense that he has some element on his account that would screen his tweets? Especially since he has a special interest and ability to have a system like that in place?
Jeffrey Epstein "suicided" at 66.6 years old
Serious Question: Hurricane "Dorian" — Is it a man-made/assisted storm? Are they controlling the weather with haarp-type modifications?
Have any of you seen the show Utopia? It’s scary how much seems relevant to things I’ve seen on this sub https://youtu.be/uJnN3WMwDsk that’s the trailer, it doesn’t give much away but the show does
Reddit deleted this without notifying the User. It Had 3k likes
In 1967, a Californian teacher created an experiment to see how long it would take to turn his history class students into a Nazi/Fascists. It was called "The Third Wave" - a movement aimed to eliminate democracy. He managed it in less than 5 days.
Piece of “Artwork” in Ghislaine’s house.
President of NAACP chapter blames Jewish media for portraying him as anti-Semitic
Reminder: a confirmed CIA operative did a reddit AMA earlier this year. He "pled the Fifth" when asked if they use child prostitutes to control assets.
Schools with no students - the population scam
For the greater good
Who might have killed Epstein - a couple of thoughts
The Hegelian Dialectic has been utilized by the elite in a perverse way to keep us divided and to initiate outcomes that support their agenda, For example the Bush and Ford family funding both sides of world war 2.
The dangerous power of AI / DARPA / [666] Bible
The Truth May Shock You! You Won't Believe What Is Actually Happening..
The NFL has a history of fixing games. This YouTuber shows how game officials altered the outcome of a playoff game in 2014 between the 49ers and Seahawks.
David Irving; The Manipulation of History (1987) This talk was pulled from youtube for hate speech.
Why is DARPA asking about forgotten tunnels in the United States?
A member of my family, who is on HRT, and has yet to receive her latest prescription from the NHS. Conveniently, this study is being pushed by the MSM in the UK claiming that HRT now has double the risk of breast cancer they had originally claimed.
VPN for watching movies on Hulu
I took screenshots of my post about the Epstein “suicide” in r/askreddit “what’s the biggest coincidence in history”
Google pays $200 million to settle FTC investigation into YouTube’s violations of children’s privacy law
Why meditate? The benefits of meditation, and some information on merkaba meditation and unity breath
Democrats call for full investigation of Justice Department’s deal with Jeffrey Epstein
Father Gabriele Amorth (Vatican's exorcist) speaks about the Secrets of Fatima(apocalyptic prophecy), the consecration of Russia and Vatican's corruption.
Are Novato Flyers Blaming Israel, "Jews" for 9/11 Anti-Semitic? — Steemit
NBA 2k20: Complete and utter insanity. This is a predecent for something HORRIBLE.
The gov't and its lackeys are the lesser evil.
99% of cancer patients use deodorant.
PDF of Rare Book---Western Technology and Soviet Economic Development--Trilogy ( Hoover Institution Publications, by Anthony C. Sutton (1968-1972))
President Trump controlled opposition or insider fighting to evoke change from within?
Surprising images of planet surface
PDF of Rare Book---Western Technology And Soviet Economic Development--Trilogy ( Hoover Institution Publications, by Anthony C. Sutton (1968-1972))
PDF of Rare Book---Western Technology And Soviet Economic Development--Trilogy ( Hoover Institution Publications, by Anthony C. Sutton (1968-1972)
PDF of Rare Book---The Vatican Billions : Two thousand years of wealth accumulation from Caesar to the Space Age , by Avro Manhattan (1983)
The NFL has a history of fixing games. This YouTuber shows how game officials altered the outcome of the NFC playoff game in 2014 between the 49ers and Seahawks.
Peak clown world. "Trans" i.e. biologically male athlete to compete in the NCAA division one. Where are the feminists on this? Why are we letting scholarships for biological females go to men? If you arent good enough to compete in your division don't try to ruin female spots with your larping.
EA's NBA 2k20: This is a new low
WHO OWNS THE MEDIA? - POWERFUL 2019 EXPOSE Its time to reveal who runs the US media and also moderates and selects articles at Reddits News, World News and Politics pages.
Brain Waves Have Been Detected Coming From 'Mini Brains' Grown in The Lab
Kentucky pastor accused of sex with minors has a side job....guess what it is...
A 12-hour workweek. Jack Ma thinks AI could make it the norm
True conspiracy theories by Redditors.
Lord Mountbatten's 'lust for young boys' exposed in FBI files
Trump again suggests he should have extra time as president
Snopes lies
But....really...what is it?
Arrest of opposition leaders in Hong Kong is NOT a devastation of democracy. Enabling REVOLUTIONARY TERROR right in your soil is.
The murder of Chris Kyle, the American Sniper, was an orchestrated assassination involving mind control
Prison worker's 4Chan post 10 minutes before news of Jeffrey Epstein's death hit media: "...guy in a green dress military outfit... switched him out"
In 2018, the French government voted AGAINST setting a legal age of consent. French President Macron is an ex-Rothschild banker, Bildeberg attendee, and met his wife at 15yrs old when she was his teacher + France’s worst ever paedophile scandal is happening at the moment.
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
First me hearing of this and they seem to be a little passive aggressive toward the conspiracy folk.
Hey! Peter Strzok's wife did more than halt an investigation into Hillary Clinton. She stopped an 8 year investigation into Caterpillar Inc. after Peter Strzok's boss was hired by Caterpillar!
Yodelingfish seems to have some info on Jean Luc Brunel
Found this in Berlin going around on Google Maps, I wonder what they are hiding here? No conspiracy around this, but it just seemed like an appropriate place to post stuff like this.
The HoloHoax
Heads up: I was in a business trip to Guatemala and saw a guy who looked like Epstein
Secretary of Labor nominee Eugene Scalia earned millions while working for big business, disclosure shows
High schooler HACKED Dan Bilzerian’s Snapchat account. What if an r/conspiracy member gained access to account of that size? Minds could certainly be changed. Think about it.
Facebook caught helping to promote the al-Qaeda and FSA terrorists in Idlib, Syria. Ads like these are presented on Facebook by the terrorist groups operating in Idlib. US Envoy Brett McGurk has stated on record that Idlib is al-Qaeda's largest safe haven
The HoloHoax
Trump's Florida Mar-a-Lago resort in Hurricane Dorian's path
This Greta Thunberg thing is child abuse
Freeing Earth - Solutions for a Better World
September 11th Trial Update
While campaigning for the 2020 Election, Joe Biden told an amazing story about a war hero who risked his life to save someone. Nearly every detail of his story was a lie.
The Bible Violates The Community Guidelines For YouTube's Hate Speech Subsection (Specifically Leviticus 20:13) How long before it is banned? What will the fallout be?
Jeffery Epstiens black book files. Hurry before its too late spead this like fire.
Elvis Presley still alive
New photo of Prince Andrew with Epstein and Trump has emerged
jshs
My GF of four years fucked my high school teacher (mentor)
Deep State Death by Braided Bathroom Belt - The 1965 "Suicide" of Ethel DuPont. Did Mary Pinchot say something to he that upset her.
The scary thing about powerful pedophiles dying is that even more powerful pedophiles exist who are doing the kill.
In the Nag Hammadi scriptures, (gospels according to judis and Mary and many others not included in the Bible) many surprising facts are stated; https://www.amazon.com/Nag-Hammadi-Scriptures-Translation-Complete/dp/0061626007/ref=nodl_
Agenda 21
Gizmodo does actual journalism for once, uncovers actual white supremacist / chan-right conspiracy to infiltrate conservative media
Theory: Marijuana Disrupts Mind Control Programming
Mistaken identity in the random killing of Margery Magill in Washington D.C, tied to Rep Ilhan Omar?
Why was Tulsi Gabbard supported by The Daily Stormer, David Duke, Richard Spencer, Steve Bannon and other far right?
One is the wife of Ilhan Omar's lover, one is the victim of a "random stabbing" in D.C. less than two miles from where the wife works.
Theories about Seattle
Former Hotel Exec Gets Elected To Congress, Decides First Order Of Business Is To Destroy Airbnb and Help his former Company
Lovely
Dirty little global warming secret the MSM won't tell you, we can't model clouds. NASA says model accuracy needs to improve 100X to be useful for predictive purposes
Found a old picture of a real alien autopsy.
İs there a possibility of Jeffrep Epstein is not dead?
Winterville Number 3: the rigged voting machines of Georgia
Antichrist must establish Hell on Earth in order to prove Christianity is wrong.
Alternative view to Hong Kong protests, by Israel Shamir
Last podcast on the left and information saturation.
Nancy Pelosi - "If this Capitol crumbled to the ground, the one thing that would remain would be our commitment to our aid, I don’t even call it our aid, our cooperation with Israel."
Mysterious find on Google maps. Any suggestions( Repost because of it being removed, more pictures and details in comments)
Is Donald Trump the King of the Jews?
Discussion: Media Consumption by Race
All of the statistics below with regard to the US are a product of long term degradation of morals and values. More in comments, open discussion!
Everyone still going to Area 51 or nah?
will all the allegations die down together with Jeffrey Epstein's "suicide?
Just Some Good Ol' Friends Talking to Each Other.
Two former New York Police Department detectives, Eddie Martins, 39, and Richard Hall, 34, were not sentenced to any time in prison after they pleaded guilty to receiving bribes and official misconduct following an incident in which they had sex with an 18 year old girl in their custody.
Two former New York Police Department detectives, Eddie Martins, 39, and Richard Hall, 34, were not sentenced to any time in prison after they pleaded guilty to receiving bribes and official misconduct following an incident in which they had sex with a woman in their custody.
Who owns snopes? Ive always wondered what gave them the power or ability to decide fact from fiction. Reddit won't allow it as a trusted source.
AI and Fake News: Is the "Q" phenomenon a clever psyop by a team with access to sophisticated and not-publicly-available search techniques and computing power? Is Q a "beta-test" of sophisticated social engineering techniques to generate carefully crafted propaganda?
Stumbled onto proof Q was a British Psyop
Amazon's doorbell camera Ring is working with police – and controlling what they say
Victims of Jeffrey Epstein voice their outrage in court https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCXprTwNhbw
Most Canadians Are Now Better Off Than Most Americans
Why music in mainstream media is so shit most of the time.
Is there a sub dedicated to 9/11 conspiracy?
Was JFK assassinated due to rejecting a CIA plan for a war on Cuba?
FBI released files about Stanley Kubrick and Bill Cooper
Dave Chapelle: Sticks &amp; Stones | Pedophilia, Guns, and White People?
Correlation Between Elite &amp; Pedophilia?
How Barack Obama Helped To Initiate America's Opioid Crisis And Is Now Earning Millions For Doing So...a crisis made so much worse by 0bamacare &amp; his very cozy &amp; lucrative relationship with Big Pharma
"A Threat to National Security"
The DNC and the fossil fuel industry. A play in 3 acts.
Islamic Republic of Iran: Freedom activist, 20, gets 15 years for “spreading prostitution by taking off her hijab”
Hong Kong is in India, Kashmir is in China. Right?Which is which? These days, it’s hard to tell …
Michelle Obama is Wayne Brady | Dave Chappelle "black man in a dress" Comment
Interesting read, iOS exploits are a lot worse than we think
So is this image published in today’s Daily Mail showing Trump, Andrew, Maxwell &amp; Trump together legit?
Don't research my username
Doing some research and discovered some blatant google censorship on China.
It’s a lot worse than just Google listening on our phones for ads
The Ultimate Conspiracy. Is reality a simulation? This Ted Talk will make you question everything
Might not be Alien, but it’s something. What do you all think?
Trump, Epstein, Prince Andrew &amp; Maxwell partying together.
President Trump is donating part of his salary this quarter — about $100,000 — to fund a digital media campaign to bring attention to the risks of marijuana use, says Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar.
What might Epsteins death mean for Julian Assange?
Hitler Was Financed by the Federal Reserve and the Bank of England (J.P. Morgan, Rockefeller's, Warburg's Key Players) — By Yuri Rubtsov
Who run the world? Pedophiles
Joe Rogan and Penn Jillette talking about how Jeffrey Epstein was an possible intelligence asset.
The conspiracy of the materialistic western mentality?
Joker ILLUMINATI Bray Wyatt SAME CLOWN EYE PYRAMID PONZI | Illuminati Card Game Joker Film
Joe Rogan and Penn Jillette talking about how Jeffrey Epstein was possible an intelligence asset.
Hook nosed elite creatures draining "essence " in dark crystal
Stuck between a rock and a hard place
Palace Paedophiles - So When Are The Police Going To Call?
dora
An article on how Hollywood often exploits it's child stars and the terrible consequences that follow
Self repost: remember yahoo chat? remember at the end it got overrun by A/S/L bots? 20 years later...
Some guy is making an Epstein Island adventure game.
Media Ignores Climate Alarmist’s Court Loss — It Doesn’t Fit The Warmist Agenda
RedmiBook 14 Enhanced Edition and Redmi 70-inch 4K TV
thoughts on quantum electrodynamics theory?
mod (u/amos_quito) removed post for saying Trump isn't a nazi
Zeitgeist in it's entirety is available for free on Youtube. Remember that no one source should ever be accepted or believed 100% but to use things as starting points for your own research and this doc provides many starting points with solid justification and evidence.
Made this UFO video over 8 years ago. The lens flare was tricky.
Celebrity Death Mysteries
Would love your input too on this one
Figured you guys maybe knew more
Psychological Warfare: E. Michael Jones on YouTube Censorship
CNN reports Hong Kong riots as "anti government"
9/11 collective consciousness
The United States has been building huge underground military bases/tunnel systems since the dawn of the nuclear bomb
This sub has more and more shills everyday.
ABC Removed this UFO video from their website.
Youtube and social media censorship
What did he done this time?
Why is the modus vivendi of americans to we always in debt?
Whois 5 minute craft website and found this:
Celebrity Death Mysteries
Children w/ Panda Avatars Playing Ping Pong on COX commercial. Symbolism much?
Part II of Ken O’Keefe’s excellent take on the Israel-Palestine conflict and the hidden power structures shaping our world.
Remember, Chemtrails are not real.
Former Canadian Consulate found murdered with message in Cancun
Blue Bell Licker Play
If anyone needed any confirmation that MSM is in on it..
How much of our reality is synthetic?
Apollo 18-20
What do you think the truth of Area 51 is?
DNC "Approved poll' to qualify candidates now excluding Tulsi from 3rd debate. One problem pollster admits they don't have any money to conduct any polls.
10:37 UTC Black Moon 🌑︎ 6° ♏︎ △ ♅℞6° ♉︎
Case against Jeffrey Epstein dismissed following his death
Trespassers Camp Found, FEARED for my LIFE, is it a Squatch?
I’m going way out on a limb here, a leap of faith here.
Indian guy , my twitter.
Hey guys check this
Im a believer there isn't really a right or left in the US since i believe they all answer to the same world masters while we claw at each others throats; without getting too political, where do you all think Trump actually fits in to all of this?
I was googling something about Charles Darwin, when across this weird text under his description. I tried to Google whatever this "FRS FRGS FLS FZS" was all about and all I got was this. A bit creepy, as I'm still unable to find an answer. Any explanations?
Rampant sex trafficking ignored at Atlanta-area hotels: lawsuits
Former Pa. scoutmaster, citizen of the year focus of inquiry into decades of sex abuse
The CIA released documents stating they researched “Astral Projection”, the method of detaching ones consciousness from the mind. ( For more info, join r/Astralnaut )
Alright guys I know it’s a old theory but I think it’s a good one. I wanna know what you guys think on the moon landing and what evidence you all have
I think half alive might be a cult.
When the gloves come off.
Was Madeleine Westerhout (Trump's former assistant) born a man? I've never been into the transvestigation stuff and find it ridiculous but this pic is honestly jarring.
In the last two days this is what has happened in Hong Kong
What is homosexuality?
The Great Accumulator VS The World.
The Great Accumulator VS The World.
Reddit’s most karma user and power mod of 1000’s of subs
Extended Footage Inside Jeffrey Epstein's Palm Beach Home - Viewer Discretion Is Advised
Rodent meat seized by US customs border patrol agents
DNC will reject Iowa Democrats' virtual caucus plan, sources say, throwing the state's first-in-the-nation status into question
Roosevelt Conspired to Start World War II in Europe, by John Wear
Proof from NASA: African Angola fires are a LOT worse than Amazon fires. But media won't report African fires. Brazil has a right wing government that the elites want to overthrow, Africa has communist governments so nobody cares. Therefore, all attention is on Brazil to oust the current president.
Canon EOS Utility just requested all the info about my PC and camera "in case of using your Canon product in china" for "development and product planning".
Is climate change a big over exaggeration used to control people and their emotions?
The Ministry of Minority-Worship: Gay Rights and Goals of Globohomo, by Tobias Langdon
Memes
US spies say Trump's G7 performance suggests he's either a 'Russian asset' or a 'useful idiot' for Putin
Who gets the land and mineral resources in Antarctica?
PDF of Rare Book---The Federal Reserve Conspiracy &amp; Rockefellers, Their Gold Corner, by Emanuel M. Josephson (1968)
When you're fighting for freedom in Hong Kong and the government throws you into the back of a van
Snuff Puppets - A Bizarre Puppet Show That Uses A Massive Human Puppet Complete With Body Parts And Organs
Oppose Abortion? You’re a White Nationalist Terrorist
FBI two cameras outside Epstein cell were broken / malfunctioning
When you're fighting for freedom and the government throws you into the back of a van
If you haven’t seen it yet, go watch Dave Chappelle’s new Netflix special. Literally every bit deserves its own Vox article.
Does anybody want to check out my Online Occult Library? Over 2000 Books
Why Germany Invaded Poland, by John Wear
I think Take-Two Interactive used the NBA 2K20 MyTeam trailer to purposefully garner a negative response in a valiant attempt to change gambling mechanics in videogames
Darpa quickly looking for huge underground facilities.
A very real conspiracy
Freemason plaque. A. L. Means Anno Lucis. One of the most longstanding organizations in the world, whose members consist of some of the most prolific names in history, has their own time and calendar. I’ve told many people today all of which did not know about this and some didn’t even know masons.
Is it just me? (about Reddit app)
police and fbi cover up the rape of a 10 year old boy, woman claims to have been paid $100 for sexual acts with a child more information is left in the readme file in the shared drive.
Does anyone else think the equal pay for a woman with the same job as a man movement was started by corporate America as a way to lower men’s salaries instead of raising women’s?
Brick shitting time
The reddit seen by the average user (signed out homepage) has only one purpose: to lie to you. It's designed to fool you into thinking there is a consensus on something. What's actually happening is the mass censorship of any opposing viewpoints. Creating extremist on both ends.
Does anyone else find it interesting that only days after Axios reported that President Trump had asked about using nukes on a hurricane, there's now a major hurricane looking like it's getting ready to slam into Florida?
POLICE AND FBI COVER UP THE RAPE OF A 10 YEAR OLD BOY, WOMAN CLAIMS TO HAVE BEEN PAID $100 FOR SEXUAL ACTS WITH A CHILD MORE INFORMATION IS LEFT IN THE README FILE IN THE SHARED DRIVE.
Made me think of Admiral Byrd and it also made me think of the Artic shelf....
POSSIBLE Monarch Programming Video
Historias de terror cortas | Narraciones del cuervo (NDC) | Las primeras palabras de mi hijo
Hoard if you can
Official video of Eric Cantona's "cryptic" speech after receiving the UEFA President's Award
THE RETURN OF THE DESTROYER | HISTORY ABOUT TO REPEAT ITSELF
With Epstein Dead, Focus Shifts to Associates
How much do you think Al Gore spends on propaganda guilding?
If the Hurricane Dorian moves Away from the East Coast/Florida, then Haarp did it. Note: PRico was not not hit, directly.
Yes, We Know The Clintons Are Satan Worshippers
US spies say Trump's G7 performance suggests he's either a 'Russian asset' or a 'useful idiot' for Putin
Criticism of Immigration to be banned and deemed hate speech
Men no longer view marriage as symbol of success. So buy sex doll.
If you really want a look into what’s at hand, take a look.
CRITICISM OF IMMIGRATION TO BE BANNED AND DEEMED HATE SPEECH
What if Hotel California was really about the pedophilia and weirdness in the Elite
Strange Image appears periodically during 20th Century Woman on Netflix. Anyone recognize it?
It's pretty scary how a particular group has taken over reddit and then weaponized the idea that anyone not "Resisting Trump" is the enemy. They have created an atmosphere where people are required to start comments with "I don't support Trump but...".
HISTORIAS DE TERROR CORTAS | NARRACIONES DEL CUERVO | LAS PRIMERAS PALAB...
Yeah. Ok.
Omar's Latest Resolution Undermines United States National Sovereignty
Hmm thoughts?
Epstein allegedly relied on a ring of women to recruit underage girls for potential sexual abuse
US spies say Trump's G7 performance suggests he's either a 'Russian asset' or a 'useful idiot' for Putin
Hurricane Dorian is a Democratic Party conspiracy. It originated from Africa, where our previous president was from. Missed Costa Rica, barely, obviously to embarrass President Trump. Now it's on track to hit Florida where president Trump owns eleven businesses.
The Double-headed Eagle And Whence It Came By Bro. Arthur C. Parker 33rd
Can they not call these oranges anymore?
The Reasons Obama’s Presidency is Illegitimate
Pizza lovers
Joe Rogan on Seth Rich
By this Logic Disney also promotes White Supremacy and Fascist ideology
This guy was right. Screenshot taken on Aug 10th. Amazon wildfire started Aug 15th. Scary
A question about the environment
*epstein commits suicide*
Earthquakes aren’t real. They’re the deep state setting off nukes under the earth so they can get to the core of the earth so the reptilians can sunbathe in peace.
Ad on pornhub sidebar: Family sex simulator ....
Looking for post
Lying for Israel: Why Nearly Everyone in Washington Does It
"People Will Be Shocked" - Bannon On Huawei &amp;amp; The Communist China Threat
Ghislaine Maxwell. Women are capable of perpetrating abuse. Women are capable of perpetrating abuse. What an insanely obvious statement, and yet it is apparently necessary to keep saying, even amid the evidence of it.
Joe Biden tells moving military story during campaign stop, but story is almost entirely false
I was just banned, permanently and without option to appeal, from Reddit for 'posting violent content'. The comment that was linked as being the reason for my ban? This.
Maria Orsitsch and Society Vril
Apple Apologizes for Passing Around Audio Recordings of You Having Sex
Jew Lizard Headquarters
Cringe aside, at :29-32 seconds you can hear two separate guns begin firing at the same time.
Historical Conspiracies: Catiline
The tarrif wars, China and the Amazon fires
Epstein Case Officially Dismissed
Case against Jeffrey Epstein dismissed following his death
I found something super weird everyone. I need help looking deeper. Look into u/reptiliandude and u/garbotalk and the subs they post on. They seem to believe u/reptiliandude or RD is some kind of alien. Super weird to in-depth and articulate to be a ARG HELP
Larry Johnson Ex-NFL
BREAKING: FBI has just released a few files - one is of Stanley Kubrick - director of the movie Eyes Wide Shut - elite pedophile ring and association with the Epstein case!!!!! Another is of Bill Cooper known as the "American conspiracy theorist". DIG!!!! [More links in comments]
What if
So that whole thing with the sniper shooting a cop from the mental facility across the street from the police station in LA triggering a manhunt turned out to be the cop making the story up?
We are a science project that an alien 5th grader got a C- on and we are sitting on a shelf in his room. DEBUNKED
Look into u/reptiledude and related subs and shut and tell me what’s going on I don’t fucking get it. This guys comment led me to a sub called pmmeyourcolocas or something. It’s weird as fuck guys.
YouTube videos
Operation Northwoods (1962) - an actual planned false flag terrorism attack on US civilians to justify invading Cuba. Thankfully vetoed by JFK
BANNED 9/11Flight 93 Newscast
The Gatekeepers in this sub believe that the media can lie as much as they want, as long as it is about Trump. And anyone who points out these lies has an invalid opinion because "only a Trump supporter" would "defend" him. When Trump is gone, will we be able to criticize the media again?
Jeffrey Epstein's Criminal Case Closed After His Death Derailed Prosecution : NPR
"As of August 16, 2019, an analysis of NASA satellite data indicated that total fire activity across the Amazon basin this year has been close to the average in comparison to the past 15 years."
be wary of the Atheists
Twitter won’t autoban neo-Nazis because the filters may ban GOP politicians
So, where are the tapes of the first "suicide attempt"?
Mars 1 million BC
Why are there pictures of Britney Spears shaving her head but no videos?
The Federal Reserve, the EU Central Bank and the Bank of England are controlled by apprentices of the Jesuits.
The idea of duality when applied to freemasonry. A friendly fraternity or a secret society? Some interesting facts about the Rothschilds and other European oligarchs and also, what interesting facts do you know about freemasonry and other secret societies?
Five companies control 90% of the media in the US. These and companies on the outside are controlled by the CIA, the Jesuits and their apprentices.
The black pope used spies to obtain the complete plans for the largest ground invasion in military history, the German invasion of Russia in WWII.
The Jewish role in the German communist revolution of 1919, The Treaty of Versailles and The Munich agreement.
Communism was tested by the Jesuits in Paraguay before the Russian revolution. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
The Jewish role in the Russian Communist revolution.
Holocaust denial arguments: The Jews at Auschwitz had a swimming pool for exercise, a theather and a prostitute house.
Last year, the NSA leaked these documents, of researched "psycho-electric weapons" that produced effects that are very similar to the symptoms of schizophrenia. (From my personal experience)
ALLEGED photo of EPSTEIN hanging in his cell.
New report details Comey plan to ambush Trump with Moscow sex allegation
The_Donald realizes the Donald is NOT draining the swamp #StillSwampy
Former NFL player Larry Johnson speaks out about “Effeminate Agenda” in NFL and NBA
Social Death Under the Social Credit System - How virtual crimes may be committed by the majority against the minority under the social credit system.
Even Michael Shermer is now skeptical of the suicide story of Jeffrey Epstein.
Largest child sacrifice site unearthed in Peru
Case against Jeffrey Epstein dismissed following his death
Here I am waiting for the house of cards to fall...
Tim Pool is Now a Victim to Gangstalking. Recieves Visitor at Four AM
George Carlin on 9/11 Commission
Intended outcome
Anyone have any idea why Darpa would need a facility like this on Really short notice?
Epstein + Clinton + Trump = Iran/Contra | by Whitney Webb
Very strange Eric Cantona acceptance speech... would like to see your thoughts on this
There’s no evidence that a ‘gay gene’ exists, says new research
Funny how Bill Cooper explained - in 1992! - what is behind the "burning of the rainforest in Brazil"
Are you fucking kidding me
The Amazonian Fire Hoax
What's the deal with the Nephilim? who are They - whatweknow
Epstein wasn’t the first Jewish sex trafficker. Zwi Migdal, a Jewish global crime syndicate that operated a century ago, trafficked tens of thousands of Jewish women and under age girls as sex slaves.
The problem is the lack of action
This is a sad country to live in.
Leftist vs Liberal
Sergei the Meerkart is called auntie Sergei in this clip meaning that Sergei is a woman. But Sergei is both a male name and is referred to as he in the website. So is Sergei a male, female or other?
The Devil 😈
This ICE headline is 14 words long and starts with “We Must Secure”. There’s no way in hell this is just a weird coincidence.
Apple apologizes for letting contractors eavesdrop on Siri’s sex recordings
The hard truth on gravity and consciousness
Conpiracy Shower Thought: The most unrealistic thing about the movie Armageddon is the idea that the US government would let the people in on how close to being exterminated they were
The hOEP Project
An epidemic of measles is gaining speed and killing Europeans. 100 000 infected in just first half of 2019. That's 18x more than in 2016.
Have You Ever Tried to Sell a Diamond? - The Conspiracy of Diamonds and their Value.
CIA use of pedophilia, evidence?
Trump is trying to enact national socialism like the nazi did. By ordering us businesses out of China, he is enacting socialism by having the government make business decisions and paying us businesses for their loses.
Lurker, but never a poster. Something strange just happened.
Youtube mass deleting content is not even in the same universe as "But whattabout TD banning users!". It is sad that I even have to explain the difference, not to mention how sad it is that this ridiculous talking point is regularly upvoted on this subreddit.
The hOEP Project (hOurs Equals Price) reveals public solution to poverty, politics, and existential crisis. VIP's some gov and others already know about this but they keep it quiet to try to own it. complete documentation and support at website.
Self Actualization | Proving that the universe is a multidimensional-fractal living organism and that we are it. Experiencing all possible manifestations of matter that occupy space-time. If enough people expose themselves to the information presented, we can usher a paradigm shift -- change.
romantic movies on blog in 2019
Conspiracy Of Silence: The Franklin Cover-up - The banned/unaired Discovery channel documentary exposing pedophilia at highest levels of government which got the plug pulled on it right before airing until tapes of it surfaced years later. Jeffrey Epstein is only a small part of this.
Case against Jeffrey Epstein dismissed following his death
Whitney Webb Reveals Jeffrey Epstein's Clinton:Trump Ties — The Political Vigilante
Judges orders case against Epstein over
Horowitz Releases Damning Report Referring James Comey for Prosecution, William Barr and DOJ Declines to Prosecute. Unelected, Unaccountable Bureaucrats Breaking the Law With Impunity is the Textbook Definition of Deep State. We're Officially a Banana Republic.
A tropical storm will not develop into a 130 mph category 4 over a 1200 mile span.
Is Donald Jr. An alcoholic and a pill fiend?
DARPA is seeking giant abandoned tunnels for... reasons
Catholic church involvement in Epstein's death
Hey, i think the world is ending soon...
The Queen's Active Role in the Right Wing Coup - Craig Murray. Former UK ambassador, torture whistleblower.
Trump Adviser Claims Trump’s So Smart It Would Make Your Brain Explode
The Seventeen Miracles of 9/11
Escaping the Trap of a Serial Killer in Backwoods Connecticut
Hurricane Dorian
Someone putting CYANIDE in couterfeit e-juice, why? look into the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement of 1998!
Insurance is legalized extortion with the excuse that people are too stupid to save money for emergencies
9/11 Videos Taken Off Youtube?
How Suze Orman Scammed the Poor and Middle Class
Saw this in the Epstein sub.
Caller accuses Alex Jones of being a Zionist apologist live on Infowars
What are the chances?
Not my Document, but this was shared with me and I thought it was interesting...
Who Owns The Media? ' Powerful 2019 Expose'
Chappelle's new special jokes and normalizes pedophilia. The crowd laughs and claps like seals.
Who else seen this. Link below
The WH says Trump was joking when he told subordinates to commit crimes to ‘build the wall.’ Recent history shows some have been taking him seriously.
"APOLOGY IS POLICY" Messages from the editors of X-Files to the public; randomly sprinkled through a select few episodes where it usually shows the text "I WANT TO BELIEVE" is replaced for a few seconds of these messages
Adam Ruins Everything
10,872 New Yorkers to See Their Marijuana Convictions Disappear
"Former Director Comey failed to live up to this responsibility. By not safeguarding sensitive information obtained during the course of his FBI employment, and by using it to create public pressure for official action, Comey set a dangerous example for the over 35,000 current FBI employees"
Being pro Israel is a pysop to support a new world order where the antichrist will be crowned and rule from Jerusalem. It’s great to be pro Israel, but only with the New Jerusalem. The New Jerusalem is the USA. The historical Israel will devolve into the synagogue of Satan.
Tunnels in Israel
Ilhan Omar Demands UN Take Control of US Borders
Felix Sater was an FBI/CIA asset
How Television Affects Your Brain Chemistry
DOJ Takes a Stand: Sex Is Purely Biological, Civil Rights Act Doesn't Protect Transgenders
| Times Documentaries: "Thousands of children's bodies found in disguised sewers in Catholic Orphanage in Ireland" What did the "Authorities" do? Did they exhume the dead , identify and give them proper barrials? NOPE! They LITERALLY COVERED IT UP with a foot of gravel! Links in SubmissionStatement
Does YouTube allow videos that depict sexual activities with toys? [NSFW]
The chicken is pretty good though
YouTube “Tim Osman” and you get hits from corporate media for Bin Laden...
What's in Antarctica?
Amazon Ring Doorbell Camera Surveillance Now Working With 400 Police Forces
Prince Andrew's legal team reportedly thinks the picture of him and Epstein accuser Virginia Giuffre is fake
Teens forced to take Israel propaganda course before overseas trips
Posted a year ago and has been confirmed in recent events.
Thread: Tracey Beanz - Comey-IG Report
They put Cyanide in counterfeit E-juice because Vaping affected the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.
Fluoride and Water by Plumed Serpent (original song inspired by the conspiracy community/truth movement)
MSM MIA: The Ukrainian Oligarch, Right Sector Nazis, MH-17 and Joe Biden’s Son
PragerU vs Youtube: A fight to restore 1st Amendment Rights
After 6 weeks of being gone from home, I find this inked onto my wall, right where I lay my head to bed? Any ideas for either?
Book from 1798 - Proofs of a conspiracy against all the religions and governments of Europe : carried on in the secret meetings of Free Masons, Illuminati, and reading societies
‪The Jeffrey Epstein Conspiracy (must watch)
Reddit's now manipulating search results to favour the propaganda sub r/hong_kong, as opposed to the real sub r/hongkong
Patrick Byrne VS. DEEP STATE VS. News Media - Montage from some youtuber. Very interesting message according to how it is all cut together. Barr must be the keystone at this point.
With Sanders and Warren Surging, Is Wall Street's 2020 Nightmare Coming True?
Watchdog: Comey violated FBI policies in handling of memos
I'm so tired of being a "TI" - when are we going to have disclosure? People are dying.
Justice Dept. inspector general finds Comey violated FBI policies in handling memos about interactions with Trump
James Comey escapes prosecution by Trump Inspector General
Nonlinear warfare: A new system of political control [Adam Curtis] 2015
Why are atheists more prone to mental illness and depression?
PragerU VS Youtube: The fight to restore 1st amendment rights.
There’re all puppets.
"The Simpsons" is in full-on damage control by forcing itself on the front page of reddit
How to Properly Storm Area 51
there was so much more to tell...
1979 CIA report on Israel and the Mossad. Mentions Blackmail and US Leadership...We probably weren't supposed to see this. (PDF)
List of movies redditors have watched "in school" or "in class".
Everyone has someone in their ear..
FBI Crime Lab Analyzing Two "Broken" Cameras from Outside Epstein Cell: The FBI is an historically corrupt institution. It poisons everything it touches, and the Epstein debacle is as putrid as they come.
Awesome music video that I just rediscovered, remembered listening to it years ago
The Mighty Casey X Mankind - Billy Jack Haynes (Boys on the Track)
/r/Pics now only allows HongKong material in a single megathread, thereby censoring the content from /r/all and /r/popular
A United Airlines training exercise 12 days before 9/11 was so realistic that airline employees had to be reassured that the attacks on September 11 were 'not a drill'
E.P.A. to Roll Back Regulations on Methane, a Potent Greenhouse Gas
Recent sightings of BC &amp; HRC are no coincidence.
This is new... Epstien Island (Little Saint James Island) is now listed as a park?
The Growth Hacking Conspiracy Exposed!
American Airlines Launches Facial Recognition To Board Passengers At DFW Airport
Murder of Hannah Witheridge &amp;David Miller
"Pizza Girls Teenage Ponygirls" - Storefront in Times Square pre 'Disneyfication' around 40 years ago.
Lisa Burns or Montgomery Simpson?
Google is no longer a credible search engine but a quasi-governmental agency with an agenda.
A secret cyberattack against Iran in June wiped out a critical database used by Iran’s paramilitary arm to plot attacks against oil tankers and degraded Tehran’s ability to covertly target shipping traffic in the Persian Gulf
The Humans Are Waking Up - The insanity of the collective egoic mind, amplified by science and technology, is rapidly taking our species to the brink of disaster. Evolve or die: that is our only choice now.
Freemasons calendar and there own set of years. AL vs AD
shapeshifting Chris Brown
Anyone subscribed to both r/moviedetails and r/shittymoviedetails? They always follow each other on my homepage
PANIC at the Border. Hey, Hey. Ho, Ho. Your Oversight Has Got To Go!
Toddler gets hit with flash bang in no knock. Police determine it’s toddlers fault for not moving.
The Real Big Brother — It’s a billionaire’s world and the biggest of them all is in the thick of it
FBI raid of UAW president exposes union as criminal syndicate
NC college student arrested for planning to shoot up high school
Paranormal Cryptid and UFO news (zombies, aliens and giant birds)
Strange Image would pop up for a microsecond, periodically through out the movie 20th Century Woman. Anyone seen this symbol before? Was through Netflix.
This ICE headline is 14 words long and starts with “We Must Secure”. There’s no way in hell this is just a weird coincidence.
Leaked sextapes of Iranian politicians show 'hypocrisy' of Islamic Republic
Since when is it safer to buy from Russians?
EU Fascism Embraced: Over 20 Highly Revealing Videos Highlight US and EU Support for Fascist Pro-Nazi Military Battalions in Ukraine
Leftist professor heckled and BOOED by audience for speaking out against pedophilia at a LGBT conference in Eugene, Oregon. The Slippery Slope is not a fallacy. These filth control the future ideology of American college campuses.
CIA Controlled Wikipedia Continues to Cover Up The Truth About The White Helmets Being Al-Qaeda -Roger Waters Reveals The Real Truth
The worldwide conspiracy of shrinking Big Macs finally investigated
Fox Mulder was right; sometimes the tabloids with sensational titles are the ones with the truth
Forest fires
Question about search engine
Church of Sweden Hailing Greta thunberg as 'Jesus's Successor'
Two Sides in Court: Epstein’s Death No Suicide, Victims Say Justice Denied
Two Sides in Court: Epstein’s Death No Suicide, Victims Say Justice Denied
U.S. Military Issues New Public Appeal For Secret Underground Facility Needed Urgently
Check out this Orwellian Shit right here.
White nationalists have aligned themselves with antiabortion movement
Where was the Fake News Outrage then?
Pornhub has a huge pedo community hiding in plain sight
Omar fakes threats to herself, posts on twitter
Reddit, which celebrities do you think faked their death and why?
The murder and rape of children
Ufo spotted near eiffel tower
BRlTAlN YES
iPhone facial recognition
EL is the most important linguistic cipher. Two Bulls, Bible, Freemasonry, Holy Cow/Chao
Does the Queen stopping parliament from stalling Brexit further show a glitch in the globalist elite theory?
Anyone starting to think fast food companies are just paying journalists to make fake stories to fuel sales?
Smollett an Intel op?
Best conspiracy novels you know of
It’s raining plastic in Canada, scientists say. But no one knows the source or toxicity
Something weird going on?
Paradise papers caused Brexit.
Here's Why Buying a Used Car is So Expensive in the United States
Were Bones of Children Found by FBI on Jeffrey Epstein's Island? Absolutely no says Snopes fact check. Maybe theorists are over the target.
I have a theory.....
If a lot of widely believed conspiracies were proved true, what does that say about humankind and the universe?
I have been invited into a FBI group for pedos!
Secret Societies for the Newbies
Just sharing this... as seen on Twitter
A reminder that Anthony Bourdain was also “suicided” exactly the same way as Epstein for his role in exposing Weinstein. So was Chester Bennington, so was the Queen of Netherlands, all having to do with underage sex crimes.
Guys I hate to be the schizo off the meds here but it’s getting crazy
Do you remember when they called anonymous a group and labeled it terrorist in one fell swoop
Pretty old news, but I think Bella Thorne faked being hacked and dropped nudes to get people to buy her book
Researchers have discovered a nearly complete 3.8-million-year-old skull of an early ape-like human ancestor in Ethiopia. An analysis of the new specimen challenges ideas about how the first humans evolved from ape-like ancestors.
9/11 - All witnesses on live TV who reported seeing the planes were associated with CNN, FOX, or ABC (&amp; Other Theories)
The flawed conspiracy
A society that keeps cures a secret so they can sell medication for huge profits, is not a true society, but a mental asylum.
@IWashington: “I don’t have a vendetta against all of Hollywood. Hollywood has afforded me to have a great life. I have a vendetta against the liberal media that refuses to expose, indict and imprison the criminals, pedophiles, con artists, molesters and rapists that are in charge of Hollywood.”
Why do celebrities who "sell their soul" dye their hair blonde?
Rotherham is officially controlled by Pakistani Muslim tribal networks: Rotherham Council Tell Grooming Gang Victims To Add Rapist’s Names To Birth Certificates So They "Have Parental Rights"
Isnt it funny
MSNBC reporter reports Fake News. The fake news(in red) gets more attention than the truth(in yellow) — welcome to the world of white liberal propaganda!
Demi Moore as an adult making out with a child. Not a movie. #Pedogate is real
Conspiracy Theorizing
Anyone watch the intro to Dave Chapelle's new show on Netflix and get very strange vibes?
Just a little food for thought
There is a conspiracy to program us. Use a search blacklist to cut through the garbage.
Anyone watch the intro due Dave Chapelle's new show on Netflix and get really weird vibes?
The Government goes all in on denying the rights of citizens, Children born to over seas service members will no longer be guaranteed citizenship and this can be nothing more than a precursor for denying protections of the 14th amendment or to deny citizenship to the children of dissenters
Conspiracy Theorizing
Overstock CEO explains which three people are actual deepstate and created the Russian Collusion Delusion
[Reupload, last post didn't meet with the rules.] The purpose of posting this well known picture of tiananmen square is to see if it will get thrown in the void like many others across Reddit. Even when its in a sub with non existing censorship rules. This all being for the reason of testing.
If you want to watch how the CIA develops a spy follow this Instagram account. Bill Browder’s son. His great grandfather was Communist Party USA’s candidate 4 prez. Attends/Attended Stanford which partners w/ CIA. The few Instagram pics he has include George W. Bush &amp; Warren Buffett.
What do you guys think?
Epstein's victim on life under "The Dome". Not for everyone, NSFL details in the interview.
What if Trump actually secretly bombed hurricanes and that's what caused the 2017 hurricane season to be so destructive?
John Kiriakou: In Search of a Russiagate Scalp: The Entrapment of Maria Butina. Consortium News. By the former CIA agent and torture whistleblower.
Payed Chinese shills?
Just posting this TINANMEN SQUARE picture. Don't either upvote or comment or react to this in general. Instead, save the post and check in a few days to see if it's still there. This is a test.
Since Dr. Epstein showed how voting basically doesn’t matter anymore, is it possible that we will never “elect” anyone else in the US ever again?
DAE refuse to listen to internet things (podcasts, videos, blogs, news, etc)? I do and I'm beginning to wonder if that's why my interactions have little targeted ads, content and recommends
Can we just talk about what’s going on with the Epstein case in the papers. Is this even a real image? I haven’t seen it anywhere else
are the members of a 4 on that is supposed to be against big corrupt unaccountable agencies like the FBI and CIA literally worship them all because "orange man bad".(they are racist against the president)
JFK Speech - "Opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings." 04/27/61
Spayed/Neutered Dogs and Their Relation To Artifical Intelligence
Study: only 3% of scientists agree that climate change is real
Interesting
There was just another shooting in Mexico.
FBI studies two broken cameras outside cell where Epstein died: source
The Zodiac Killer Was Quite Possibly The F*ggiest Guy In San Fran History
How to deal with knowing the full scope of the truth?
End times signs in culture- focus Chapelle
Russiagate skeptics are vindicated, but conspiracy theorists are rewarded - Greenwald &amp; Maté
Do you think Goku is able to beat gloved thanos?
End times, Trump, Jerusalem, child sex trafficking, Epstein &amp; magic tricks.
Very strange
Reconnecting with People After Waking Up | Walking in the Spirit
sam hofman explaining the binary solar system. link in description.
Are parents allowed to attend lockdown drills at their children’s respective schools?
5G summit reminder
9/11 - The Impossible Airborne Cell Phone Calls Examined
Is the F-35 more than a normal fighter?
Steve Jobs alive?
Is it possible the weather reports are in on it?
Exclusive firsthand footage of Epstein’s Zorro Ranch in New Mexico - TruNews
China
DARPA is seeking giant abandoned tunnels for... reasons
Jeffery Epstein Palm Beach police video
"Swedish 16-year-old climate activist Greta Thunberg" &lt;--- Remember the name. This is what the beginning of a psy-op looks like when TPTB use the media to artificially create a future "leader".
The Jewish led attack on Free Speech
CHINA
FBI Crime Lab Analyzing Two Broken Cameras From Outside Epstein Cell
What does this really mean?
Church of latter day saints
VIDEO: Google Helping NWO To Erase God/Christ From Public Discourse!
Fox news is being sabatoged and their advertisers defrauded
The former editor-in-chief of Vanity Fair is said to have found a dead cat's head outside his home after the magazine began pursuing a story about Jeffrey Epstein
Jefferey Epstein Palm Beach police video
This just makes them look even more like liars,....LMAO!
VIDEO: Google Helping NWO To Erase God/Christ From Public Discourse!
Crypto currency, Billion(s) dollar settlement and shadyness.
New Film On Huawei—“Claws of the Red Dragon”, Hong Kong Protest, &amp; US China Trade War
Don't you get tired of this bullshit?
MSM reports fake story about Trump from 4chan without checking
Gaza 'State Of Emergency' As Blasts Blamed On Israel Were Actually ISIS Suicide Bombers
Trascript:"The Punchline" Chappelle tells of political cabal and warns Obama (line 311) in plain sight. Links Chris Tucker (Epstein Flyer) with Kamala, Newsom, Obama, Al Gore, Sergey (Google), etc. They are all in the same circle as Epstein. They all party together.
Dayton Police Stolen SUV Claim is a Manipulated Event
Madonna's Eurovision "Satanic" concert display. Looking for someone's breakdown on the heavy heavy symbolism found in the video. I read a Christian article about it and it was definitely onto something but totally wrong on most accounts.
"The Elite Torture and Murder Children and drink their Adrenalized blood" You think the CIA didn't know about Epstein Human Trafficking? They are directly involved in smuggling drugs, weapons, organs, people and young children! Must watch video from former CIA Officer!
FBI raids two UAW Presidents' homes as part of nationwide corruption probe - Detriot Free Press
You are Living Through the Final Days of the Internet
The United States, everybody.
This is America
MSM TROLLED AGAIN, Russian LOAN fake news confirmed
Kubrick's secret trick
Know More News Debates Alex Jones on DISINFOWARS
Is UFC's Joe Rogan liberal or conservative?
What’s this symbol? In his hair. Do you see it? I can’t really pin it down but I recognize something there. S17 Ep3
Secret archives show US helped Argentine military wage dirty war that killed 30,000.
Anyone here seen the North Korean Documentary - Under the Sun (2015)?
dun dun dun
Does anyone undestand, what it means this: the Nazis loose the war but wone the peace??
Where is the support for Tulsi Gabbard being unfairly boxed out of the 3rd Dem debate???
There is a lot of misconception about what is happening in the Amazon, specifically the effects that it has on everyone’s life. I understand what is happening is seen as wrong in many peoples eyes, but no matter what side your on, read this.
I have another threat in my inbox. Just sharing for the purpose of proving multiple stalking trolls do exist on reddit
August 4, 1948 - Chicago, Illinois: They're on the auction block. These small children of Mr. and Mrs. Ray Chalifoux of Chicago, Illinois. For long months 40 year old Ray and his wife, Lucille, 24, waged a desperate but losing battle to keep food in the mouth and a roof over their heads.
My mom saved this, apparently I was already a conspiracy theorist at 9.
Anyone else seen this? Most comprehensive PG doc
Open Google on mobile. Say out loud "Define restitution". Type in "rest". First thing recommended is "define restitution". Easy proof of Google.
Aliens in our oceans?
On Sept 8 2008 Ben Bernanke and Paulson sent up to Capitol Hill and the Balance of the FED was 880BN. The Day Trump took office, the balance was 4.5 Trillion. Bank of England, ECB, saved the elites. Your wage is flat to finance these deficits.
Was Kurt Cobain murdered by Allen Wrench?
Distracted
Just had my post criticizing Xbox Live disappear from r/gaming and was replaced a minute later with a post from Xbox Support.
Just had my post criticizing Xbox Live disappear from r/gaming and was replaced a minute later with a post from Xbox Support.
Why Purdue offer suggests opioid suits are a 'loser' for drug companies / defendants (offers $5B-$12B and will file Chapter 11)
Nick Cannon: Jeffrey Epstein Makes Me Reconsider the Validity of "Pizza Gate"
What's going on with the big Pharmaceutical companies and states filing lawsuits?
This subreddit is bulls**t!!!
Nigerian love scammers
Hollywood
Best case scenario for AI: A breakaway civilization?
Russiagate skeptics are vindicated, but conspiracy theorists are rewarded
Thoughts???
Big Tech collusion with the DNC in a nutshell
Steve Jobs is secretly still running Apple
What are we waiting for...
To Fight Against YouTube's Censorship, Record and make 10 Hour Videos of Useless Footage in 4k, and Post on Burner Gmail/YouTube Accounts as Much as Possible
Tianamen square was not a massacre and the current Hong Kong anti-China animus is a result of dying U.S. hegemony. Read more about 1989 here, on Wikileaks.
Bernie Sanders supporters think Jeffrey Epstein was murdered but Elizabeth Warren fans say it was suicide, poll shows
Sandy Hook - Something very strange
Jesuit trained FBI agent G. Gordon Liddy admits the Jesuits at Fordham Univeristy rule the world , and that Heinrich Himmler modeled the Nazi SS off of the Jesuits in his Autobiography
An officer called for help as shots were fired. But it was ‘all a hoax’, police chief says.
Survivor recounts MKUltra experiences connected to Unsolved Murder, Catholic trafficking ring featured in Netflix Documentary
"US Appeals Court Approves Banning Atheists From Reciting Opening Prayers At State House". Theocratic conspiracy?
Large Scale Manipulation
Why meditate? The benefits of meditation and mass meditation. Also some info on merkaba meditation
Barack obamas unconstitutional tyranny and why nobody stood up to him
Hereby declaring Fox News is no longer State Media
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chem-Trails galore over the Puget Sound today...
The same people that refuse to believe the evidence that Obama was born in Kenya suddenly turn around and start creating racist Russian conspiracy theories
the President should be able to replace any member of any agency at any time for any reason
UK parliament suspended. I called it. Brexit will be delayed.
Multiples times now, Ive heard reporters on NPR referring to 9/11 conspiracies and crisis actors, but implying that those that believe the conspiracies are crazy. It stings. And it’s a little unnerving.
Hurricane Dorian is directly over Epstein's Island
An Illicit History Of Modern Brazil &amp; The Political Incarceration of Lula
World peace will happen the moment we really figure out War. Why did The Great War happen? Anyone? *Crickets*
The media created the most dangerous precedent in history with their 3-year-long Trump smear-campaign and nobody is even allowed to talk about it without being attacked and dehumanized for being a "Trump supporter". Am I the only one who see's how badly this is going to end up?
Senators, Pensions, and Your Hard Work
Secret Memos Show the Government Has Been Lying About Backpage All Along
Steve Jobs pulled the ole Adolf fake death and move abroad trick eh
TYT: Both Trump and Bieden WON’T make it to 2020
Anti-Christ Bernie Sanders.
I work in a pharmacy and thought I recognized this little symbol in an Actavis pill. Metropolol Succinate. I have no clue what connection it could point to, I just thought it was interesting. Anyone have the time to do research on the company?
Another eyewitness in Vegas saw helicopters outside his room at Mandalay Bay DURING the shooting
Streaming services like Google Stadia are steps towards a world where normal people will not have access to the computer power, they will only have "the screen" It will not be possible to avoid censorship because we have lost the computer "brain"
What if the reason the biggest corporations and figureheads don't even attempt to reverse climate change, is because they're preparing to get rid of overpopulation by letting it destroy us while they go underground so they can one day emerge and start their own world order.
FaceBook Patents Shadowbanning
Apple releases a response after it was revealed that their contractors listened to 1,000s of Siri recordings every day.
The city block where the Les Wexner / Jeff Epstein / Prince Andrew townhouse mansion of horrors is located has more IP Cameras than a Chinese city on the social credit system.
Remember when Putin release the video of nuking florida? Now he wants all major world leaders grouped up in Miami?
Bibi Netanyahu confesses that Israel controls America on film
Hello from r/ice_poseidon2, This video exposing a pedophile who isn't Epstein got removed from r/videos once it reached the top post.
The climate change slight of hand: the cold is coming
At 2:06 in Alyson Stoners YouTube Q&amp;A from 2 years ago she talks about how she has childhood star trauma that she can't talk about or she will be shot. Creepy.
Footage from camera outside Epstein's cell deemed unusable
Does anyone else feel that this sub is going to shit?
Queen suspends Parliament (UK)
“Once weapons were manufactured to fight wars. Now wars are manufactured to sell weapons.” -Arundhati Roy
Communist invasion: The real threat
The top of the pyramid is a precarious position
Epstein - Prince Andrew, Jimmy Saville - Prince Charles....I'm beginning to see a pattern here
With Tropical Storm Dorian conveniently destroying Pedo Island at the moment, I'm beginning question if they can actually maneuver hurricanes.
Does anyone understand the symbolism of this tattoo?
Jeffrey Epstein and the Power of Networks.
Lawrence O'Donnell: Source says Russian oligarchs co-signed Trump's Deutsche Bank loans
How would you know the difference between Reddit "leaning" left vs. Reddit "rigging" left by using bots and algorithms to manually create a toxic echo-chamber that rewards people for silencing any "wrong" opinions.
Anthony Bourdain and a possible Pedofile Ring Connection?
A Successful Artificial Memory Has Been Created
Reddit locks me out of my account due to "suspicious activity" a day after following the Hong Kong subreddit
This.
My father worked on pedo island
Netflix gets into the Pedo-Degenaracy game...will air show that sexualizes little boys by making them up into little drag queens.
A dream about religion I had almost 20 years ago that has stuck with me.
I wouldn’t be surprised if Jordan Peterson is a Christian Church missionary.
WWII, Yeti Hunting, and the Search for Bigfoot - Peter Byrne Interview
Now that "Deep Fake" is fully mature, how will this effect the court systems? (i.e., should courts no longer accept photographic / video / audio evidence?)
I do some video that i thought you all in this group maybe would find interesting! (at least i do hope so)
Epstein - Prince Andrew, Jimmy Saville - Prince Charles....I'm beginning to see a pattern here
Human cloning
The Man in the Island Castle - Mysterious Mr. Arrowsmith knew new Nazis (George Norman Rockwell) and possibly old Nazis (Otto Skorzeny.) You won't find his name in the JFK files.
The Money Masters - Full Documentary
Is it me, or does there seem to be an unusually large number of posts explaining-away the Jair Bolsonaro-sponsored arson taking place in the Amazon. #ArsonSplaining
'All the weird stuff we know about Jeffrey Epstein so far'
CNN Excludes Yang (who's in 6th Place at 3%), and Lists Beto Who's in an 8 Way Tie for 7th at 1% in Poll Reports
First the Amazon, now the Congo Basin. Coincidence?? I think not.
As Dave Chappelle becomes more and more a symbol of 'woke' members of the mainstream, more hit pieces are coming out about his points of view. This is a typical tactic, rather than assassinate people it is easier to assassinate their character or in this case discredit them and their work.
WWII, Yeti Hunting, and the Search for Bigfoot - Peter Byrne Interview
Russia admits that there are radioactive elements found nearby the site of a 'mysterious' explosion. They got caught with a failed missile test too close to a town. This makes you wonder about all those mysterious booms heard around the US and other countries.
Why does the media keep ignoring Andrew Yang?
Considering the Epstein stuff and all what's going on I thought to share this. Captain Underpants
Bizarre: Absurd conspiracy theory about Putin controlling Trump continues to dominate liberal discourse. At what point do we declare this mass hysteria?
Reddit recently accepted an $150 million investment from a Chinese company, Tencent. Now, r/Hong_Kong, a pro china subreddit with only 1.6k subscribers, shows up first when searching for r/HongKong. r/HongKong doesnt even show up when typing a search.
Is it just me or is Reddit promoting the Bush family?
Reflecting a demographic shift, 109 U.S. counties have become majority nonwhite since 2000
Nestlé and the Privatization of Water
What is everyone's thoughts on the conspiracy that Elvis is alive and now living as Pastor Bob Joyce?
Forest fires in Brazil: the facts
Captain Underpants
Breaking: California CPS System ROCKED by allegations of child molestation and Child Prostitution *in the System.*
Well this is how it happens good times
Richatlantis
Is the moon a portal? 🌚
The FBI Tried &amp; Failed to Entrap Donald Trump Using A Business Associate
Less chemtrails, big pharma lawsuits, epstein files released, no economic collapse, anybody else seeing a pattern of change here?
You know those G7, G8, G whatever number meetings nations of the world unite together to convene every year?
Imagine a crime scene investigation at a shooting scene...
Are we living in the new world order because damn if not how bad can it still get
YouTube CEO Says It's 'More Important Than Ever' to Be an Open Platform...One Day After Massive Banning Spree: We're reaching levels of propaganda never before thought possible
Anti-Natalism and the Anti-White Agenda
Top MPAA Lawyer, Mastermind Behind Its Plan to Attack the Internet, Arrested on Blackmail and Sexual Assault Charges
YouTube to reduce conspiracy theory recommendations in the UK: Topics they will target include videos that claim the earth is flat, or "blatant lies about historical events" such as the 9/11 terror attacks (see what they did there? Orwell weeps).
Mandela Effect:
Philly church fire wierdness.....
What should be our next featured documentary?
Fat Finger Defence - Prince Andrew
The Investigations Into Jeffrey Epstein’s Prison Death Have a New Question to Answer - How Convenient the camera is "Damaged"
DNC Cheating Tulsi Gabbard out of Debate Spot. From the Jimmy Dore Show. The "Democratic" National Committee is at it again. What elements within the DNC are conspiring to exclude Tulsi Gabbard from the next debates?
Is it possible that Hitler got away?
Deepfakes - Real Consequences
The only thing of value learned from the Trump-Russia investigation: realizing how easy it is to turn the general public into a mob through opinion pieces and misleading headlines, without needing to present any substantial evidence.
The Zodiac Killer - Pt. 1 - NEW Border and Map Fold Clues - 'Any which way exit out ' 'Park Ranger'
AMAZONIA IS BRAZILIAN! SAY GOODBYE TO AMAZONIA,GRINGOS!
Researchers studying Facebook's impact on democracy threaten to quit
Doorbell-camera firm Ring has partnered with 400 police forces, extending surveillance reach
Trudeau is Castro's son
Technology
Amazing Video That Needs To Be Seen
Never forget Israel aided Alqeada in Syria
Cicada 3301 Trade Mark Rabbit Hole
And so it begins... "Taxing carbon emissions would drive innovation and lead to improved energy efficiency, study finds"
The headlines on the morning of 28AUG2019 on CNN and BBC seem almost aligned minus one major difference. Can you spot the difference between these two pictures?
Epstein's accusers refuse to let the story of what he did die. This story will not just disappear from the public awareness like the Franklin Scandal.
Atlantis In Africa New Clues - Could Help Bright Insights New Clues - 2018-11-06 22
Were religions created by the elite to control the population?
NASA seemed to progress rapidly under their initial leadership made up mostly of Nazi scientists. Then suddenly seemed to come to a standstill for decades. SpaceX starts up and continues to progress rapidly proving that space travel is not too hard to figure out. More in the SS
YouTube Says It's "More Important Than Ever" to Be An Open Platform -- 1 Day After Massive Banning Spree
A source close to Deutsche Bank says Trump’s tax returns show he pays very little income tax and, more importantly, that his loans have Russian co-signers. If true, that explains every kind word Trump has ever said about Russia and Putin.
So You Know What's Coming: On The End of The Mormons and Their Church. Muslims Too.
They are transferring all Hong Kong/China related pictures to a megathread now.
It's time as humankind to wake up!!
Quantum immortality, simulation theory and how they cause Mandela Effect.
香港要脸
Truther’s, what’s your plan? How is knowing what you know going to change the world?
Did someone pay to have the Amazon on fire to distract the world from Epstein conspiracy so that they could remove all evidence?
This is my first post. And might be a dumb question.
Long Before Epstein: Sex Traffickers &amp; Spy Agencies
Suspicious activity on front page?
I am being harassed and threatened by strangers and need feedback
The Two Pronged Attack
Written in 1989, check the center paragraph.
Dave Chappelle Sold Out to the Illuminati!
Here’s one, Andrew Luck’s Unexpected Retirement.
Is the sub r/sino really a sincere attempt at pro China propaganda or is it actually a satire?
What constitutes criteria for evidence here?
I get hard when my partner fart during romance
You Won’t Believe What’s Buried Under the Sahara…Hidden Lost Ancient Civilizations
is Q an art hoax?
Recent Attempts to subvert this sub by progressives/SJW’s
Don’t touch my president 🤜
The Key to Esoterism
White hat conspiracy?
Don't know if it's been mentioned before, but the pro-democracy r/HongKong has been buried in seaches, with the smaller pro-police r/hong-kong appearing at the top instead.
In Plain Sight: on Joe Rogan Podcast 911 Alex Jones hints to his buddy Q, Could this be QANON?
It's saying it light as day
Some weird stuff going on in this sub lately..
Epstein is Jewish not White but the Jewish Main Stream Media will demonize White people instead of the Jewish community for the actions of a Jewish Pedo
Benjamin Freedman On the Powers Responsible for Dragging the United States to War in WWI
What books would you guys recommend buying, and what mainstream conspiracy voices are compromised vs who isn’t?
35 employees working at the same company committed suicide after restructuring. Suicide numbers for other major companies remain unpublished.
Child predator George Nader visited White House at least 13 times to meet with Steve Bannon
Symbolism and Propaganda in popular culture (bombardment of males being made out to be hapless fools)
Facebook now fact checking Trump post. Unbelievable.
Huge amounts of RAM in mobile devices could make it easier to spy on users.
Are Novato Flyers Blaming Israel, "Jews" for 9/11 Anti-Semitic? — Steemit
Dave Chappelle speaks about Anthony Bourdain in late Netflix special
Theory on Turkey’s 2016 coup attempt, Gulen, US support for PKK/YPG, and the s400
"Epstein's goal was to have 20 women at a time impregnated at is 33,000-square-foot Zorro Ranch"- Detailed video chronicling Epstien's origins of wealth and his early life as a physicist
Disclaimer fact check on Facebook before sharing a post? Unbelievable.
Why is Vladimir Putin's daughter 'Maria Putina' misspelled as 'Mariya Putina' in every online search engine including Google? Some even claim they are two different people.
Reddit refusing to load HongKong subreddit despite all other subreddits working
So so you think the elites will speed up their depopulation plans because of the Amazon, or is the burning of the rainforests actually PART of their depopulation plans? Discuss.
Amazon Fire's one positive (read both parts for conspiracy)
Tom MacDonald is an Industry Plant
Does being an independent thinker come with its own set of problems?
Theory: “Super-Size Me “ was created for the sole purpose of being disinformation and subtle marketing for the fast food industry
Renewable energy is violating human rights as much as fossil fuels have for decades
Vaccines have NEVER been safety tested
Yeeet
Never Forget That The FBI Arrested Tamerlan Tsarnaev, Buck Naked, and Put Him Into a Police Car, Only For Him to End up Being Run Over and Killed.
The vice-chairman of the U.S. Federal Election Commission resigned this week. The FEC can no longer meet a four-person quorum to make decisions, and as such, can no longer enforce election laws in the United States.
The media has already forgotten about Epstein and the Amazon rainforest, yet continue to post about these losers
Lebanon, Iraq, Iran call out Israel's 'declaration of war' after it bombs 3 COUNTRIES in one weekend
China's Mass Internment of Uighurs Is a 'Modern Cultural Genocide' — anyone critical of Trump’s trade war w/ China is a vote for this. Biden’s son struck a billionaire $ deal along w/ Democrat John Kerry’s son &amp; Whitey Bulger’s nephew to support China w/ spying on these people.
The minimum wage in Venezuela is now under $4 a month.
Tom MacDonald is an Industry Plant
Alabama GOP approves resolution to expel US citizens for "anti-Semitic" language
Consider the following...
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 4/?
The Anti-Drug culture is built on propaganda.
Think About It
Never Noticed Anything Andrew???
Reddit mods are deleting any and all news mentioning Ilhan Omar's infidelity with another married man 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Let's collect the evidence that Trump hates the Constitution of the United States
A commercial plane is going to crash in Massachusetts
Religion conspires against spirituality
TIL it took Chinese authorities 7 minutes to locate and apprehend a BBC reporter
Former Duke of Kent dies in a plane crash. The current Duke of Kent has held the title since he was 6 and is the head of the Freemasons.
NASA says Amazon fires are average. Perfectly timed to distract from Epstein
Looking for video about Hitler/Holocaust
The FBI Tried &amp; Failed to Entrap Donald Trump Using A Business Associate
Canadian Man Gets 1 Year in Jail for Mean Words Online
"...And Jeffery Epstine killed himself." As a catch Phrase?
R/Conspiracy discord?
115 year old church catches fire in Philadelphia
This guy apparently had ties to Epstein 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Where to start on "space is fake" ?
Stanley Kubrick, who wrote Eyes Wide Shut, also wrote a movie called "Lolita" about A middle-aged college professor becomes infatuated with a fourteen-year-old nymphet. Coincidence?
Dave Chappelle - "You know... I’m not a pedophile. But if I was... Macaulay Culkin’s the first kid I’m fucking, I’ll tell you that right now. I’d be a goddamn hero."
Personally I like T_D &amp; the Prez but I’m also not one to hide from the truth. Re: linked post + the other posts here abt China investing in Reddit. Reddit’s other major investor is Advance Publications owner by the Newhouse family who published The Art of the Deal &amp; are big Trump supporters.
The 4th Estate doesn't like you
Found this interesting post from 3 years ago on /r/C_S_T : Tulsi Gabbard is a member of CFR- Council on Foreign Relations. She's being primed for 2020 as controlled opposition to perpetuate the illusion of duality.
McRib is human Flesh
TAPS (Threat Assessment, Prevention, and Safety) Act of 2019 grants the Department of Homeland Security the right to “identify individuals who are exhibiting patterns of concerning behavior”
Absolutely fuckin atrocious
Bright Insight - You Won’t Believe What’s Buried Under the Sahara... Hidden Lost Ancient Civilizations
Maximizing profit margins.
A scale and ratio comparison of the object that struck the Pentagon. Even by generous measurements, it is unlikely that this object is a Boeing 757.
Some guy is making an Epstein Island adventure game.
The Key to Esoterism (What Religions are actually talking about)
Debunking Flat Earth Theory
David Cole in Auschwitz
I hope we won’t let these women that endured this type of torture, while they were children, go unnoticed. I hope more victims come forward to encourage others to come forward as well and share their horrid experiences.
27 club and more..
I think Trump was planted by the Democrats
Religion Conspires Against Spirituality
There you have it: "Pedophilia is a sexual orientation".
Clinton crony- Jeffery Epstein prosecutor- is in a rush to drop charges!!
In 1996, I tried to commit suicide
GIYS YOU HAVE TO READ THIS RIGHT FUCKING NOW!!!!!!
Who is David A. Golden A.K.A, "Jeremy Thundercloud" - Epstein Related
How long do you think this post will survive before being censored?
Programmer Testifying that he was Approached to Build Vote-Flipping Program to Always Return 49/51 Result before 2000 Election
No more contrails?
steve jobs seen in eygypt (2019)
X-Post from r/news. Glad to See Epstein Getting Some Attention there.
Nasrallah Promises Imminent Retaliation: no Israeli will be Safe, Netanyahou is Campaigning with the Blood of his People
The one conspiracy we need to talk about
steve jobs alive ??? Twin ?
Nasrallah Promises Imminent Retaliation: no Israeli will be Safe, Netanyahou is Campaigning with the Blood of his People
Weird
Interestingly enough just a few days after posting about her other tattoo — they post this...
Netflix is now a propaganda machine for the Obamas
Netflix has a deal with cigarette companies and shows people smoking in their original series CONSTANTLY. Mind Hunter, Stranger Things, Love... probably more. All have main characters that constantly smoke and they even mention specific cigarette companies by name
Prince Andrew 'knows what he's done', claims Epstein accuser
No, Steve Jobs Is Not Alive in Egypt After Faking Death
Hey r/conspiracy! I have a podcast where i cover news and entertainment. Here's one where i cover the epstein "suicide"
Exiled Chinese Billionaire's Accusations of China with Guo Wengui, Kyle Bass ( Some eye opening conspiracy theories that were prophetic)
Man Ray asks about Epstein's suicide.
Jeffrey Epstein had 14 Contact Numbers for Trump
Any researchers or individuals who know a lot about blue green algae and the effects of Cyanobacteria.
Trump is a Russian Asset
Do Thousand of Huge Organism Exist in Low-Earth Orbit?
Are there any good podcasts on pizzagate?
Is there a "Beginner's Guide to Church Conspiracies"? Recommendations?
Government ending bail bonds starting Oct 2019 courts can decide to keep or release you at their sole discretion.
Why doesn't HawkEye 360, a private company that can SEE radio wave emissions all over Earth, locate the RF/microwave weaponry used against US diplomats in Cuba?
New York Discussing Plans to Desegregate All Gifted Student Schools Because They Have Too Many White and Asian Students
The Church And Its Influence Corrupting Society - Epstein is only one part of a massive satanic operation that is involved in trafficking children for rape, but also child sacrifice! Bones found in the vatican, missing children from catholic orphanages and ET Demons that literally eat children alive
Social media companies are publicly traded companies. By them policing anyone’s speech and shadow banning is exactly like being kicked out of the Gap store for saying something. And being shadow banned is like every Gap you visit, they prevent you from entering, just for something you said
findit
Jeffrey Epstein’s Victims, Denied a Trial, Vent Their Fury at a Hearing! How the F is this happening?
Purdue Pharma offers $10-12B to settle 2,000+ opioid lawsuits
They’re trying to buy Tesla
Idk how I feel about this anymore. I'm pissed, frustrated, powerless and upset.
Mind Control by Cellphone
Four Atlanta area hotels facing sex trafficking lawsuits
Know Your Enemy - Historical Origins Of The Jesuit Order &amp; Knights Of Malta Exposed
Witness testimony of child sex abuse and satanic ritual abuse taking place at hollywood parties, names Meryl Streep, George Lucas, Steven Spielberg and many more
The war ended in the '60s.
Google Earth - Nevada
So what do you think about the Popeyes chicken sandwich craze?
Instagram suppressing hashtags?
Subliminal messaging in Dr. Pepper ad? Let me know if you see what I see.
Reddit removes Epstein posts "to stop a conspiracy theory from starting"
If You Used 23andMe to Get DNA Results, Your Genetic Info Was Sold To Big Pharma
Space station shenanigans
denied equal Justice
Is President Donald Trump the biblical antichrist?
Why are Clintons not in jail/Out of politics?
PSA: Forget About Epstein and Pizzagate. I want to know if Popeyes chicken sandwich is better than Chik-Fil A
Sackler Family Offers to Settle More Than 2,000 Opioid Lawsuits for $10-12 Billion: Report
Dr Tim Ball (climatologist) Defeats Michael 'hockey stick' Mann’s(climatologist)Climate Lawsuit.
Expert hired by Jeffrey Epstein's attorney says his injuries were more consistent with homicide than suicide during a federal hearing attended by the pedophile's victims
"Epstein Did Not Act Alone": In Tuesday Hearing, Prosecutors And Attorneys Target Co-Conspirators
Self proclaimed "unbiased journalist", Andy Ngo, caught working with Alt-right to paint Anti-Fascists in bad light
Former honorary consul of Canada, Daniel Lavoie, was found murdered in his apartment with a note left at the crime scene reading: “This happened to you for raping children.”
'Lolita Express' air hostess who says she helped Bill Clinton pick out a bracelet for his daughter Chelsea during a Jeffrey Epstein-funded jaunt to Africa reveals in court that she is one of the pedophile's rape victims
A woman who accused Jeffrey Epstein of sex abuse and alleged she was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew as a 17-year-old has urged him to "come clean". Speaking after a hearing for alleged victims in the wake of Epstein's death, Virginia Giuffre told reporters the prince "knows what he's done".
Predictive Programming in ROSEMARY’S BABY (1968). Cathedral in flames inside the apartment of Satanists. Notre Dame ritual.
Wouldn't we rather be Red than Dead?
Politicians don’t care about the environment. Its all about power and Climate Control is being used as a Weapon.
Youtube/ADL Purge Continues: James Allsup BANNED (Press F)
My brain and my heart tell me that the conspiracies are the real shit! History and media are fake! After 25 years of living experiance i finally understood the quote below.
Fight against totalitarian regimes Oct. 1, help stop the conspirators who aim to remove freedom!
The story of an abused dog horrified people nationwide. It was all a hoax, police say.
Footage from Prison Where Epstein was Murdered Ruled “Unusable”
Hong_Kong Post. 88 Total comments (visible count), 85 of those comments were deleted by the mods.
The Oil Conspiracy
Your daily Illuminati Programming. MKBHD promotes the all seeing eye and pyramid.
New film 'Good Boys' seems to be about sexualizing children
I was banned from r/pics for posting some innocent photos even though I did not break any rules.
Heres a mass meditation taking place now to help heal the negative energy created by child ritual sacrifice!
[Meta] Can we please extend Rule 9 to include click-bait titles?
Prince Andrew 'knows what he's done', says Epstein sex accuser Virginia Roberts Giuffre
I was looking through followers of certain accounts that have had red flags an came across this now take it how you want it but this kid looks clearly drugged up on something with comments on the photo saying “now the real show starts”
FREE Apple Watch
Why Everything They Say About The Amazon, Including That It's The 'Lungs Of The World,' Is Wrong
Statue in Saskatoon “Tribute to Youth” Unveiled by Duke of York AKA Prince Andrew
Mind Control Techniques
Change of Perspective. Must Read
Epstein's case is looking like the TV show The Blacklist. Shit, the cabal is real yall!
Subliminal messaging within completely unrelated videos
They're literally trying to give them to people.
Machines changing votes: Reports of problems in MS primary runoff
Yahoo has TWO false replica stories at this moment!
Reddit pro-China?
Major Channels BANNED from YouTube as Censorship Progresses
Can anyone explain what these protests in Hong Kong are about? Also the yellowjackets in France? This post can probably help out other people that aren't informed either. Thanks!
The Howard Stern Show, recorded as 9/11 was in progress
This whole Epstein issue is proof that the Illuminati not only exist but rule this planet - one of their requirements to initiation is child molestation, this is what people like Epstein were for - After the molestation, ritual child sacrifice! They murder children &amp; feed the beast - LITERALLY!
Orange Herring: How One Man Became the Catnip for a Nation
Know what really grinds my damn gears?
Ya don’t say. Even Epsteins Lawyers know he was murdered and called Bull Shit on the medical examiners report...
what if
How can “sims” be conscious?
Jordan Peterson is a Grade A shill.
Mining companies, child labor–exploiters, toxic dumps, and petro-tyrants just love 'renewable' energy
Confirmed by Washington Post: No hallway video in Epstein case
Psychologist describes "unmistakably hypnotic structure" of 'Last Week Tonight With John Oliver" and other late night talk show propagandists
Why are they just now investigating Prince Andrew? Why did they not investigate him back when Virginia Giuffre claimed to authorities that she had suffered abuse at his and Epstein's hands?
I have found a troubling thing I need help researching.
Epstein: Gateway to the Global Cesspit by David Icke who has been exposing elite paedophiles
Amazon Rainforest
Why are the Democrats so afraid of Tulsi Gabbard?
Jack Rickard’s “The Tesla Conspiracy” | In Depth
Terrorists could have gotten to sensitive data from U.S. bioweapons defense program BioWatch for years, records show
Latest Rolling Stone Puff Piece: "The Very Real Possibility of President Elizabeth Warren" Who are they kidding? Warren would actually get DESTROYED by Trump. Terrible candidate with near-zero grassroots support!
For those who don't know what to believe anymore...
11 Unsolved Ancient Mysteries That Question Our Undserstanding of Human History
The Adam and Eve story?
In case you missed it; memes are now punishable thought crimes...
Its been more than 2 years since this Evelyn Farkas comment- is it any clearer what she meant?
CN Live! Whitney Webb in-depth history of Jeffrey Epstein. This is a video interview Consortium News conducted with Whitney Webb of Mint Press News about the Jeffrey Epstein imbroglio involving likely political blackmail operations conducted by intelligence agencies
Up to 150 Essex beachgoers 'sick' after toxic mystery causes evacuation.
Conspiracy Discussion: The Truman Show is effectively instructions on how to wake up
Dissent in America is being criminalized
When Hillary said, on election night 2016, "I knew they'd never let me win."
A little conspiracy from the southern tip of Africa. They also use cars for "accidents".
XPost /r/personalfinance: Be wary of dental chains that offer cheap New Patient Exams/Cleanings
Propaganda Manufacturer: TEDx Talks Exposed Aiding and Abetting the White Helmet Terrorists
Mega Group, Maxwells and Mossad: The Spy Story at the Heart of the Jeffrey Epstein Scandal
Abel Danger, Timothy Holmseth Working with Trump and Pentagon? (Epstein)
Overstock CEO’s Bold Claims Bite Him In The Ass
Trump/Stock Market Conspiracy
Did this conspiracy sub just lose ~30k subscribers?
Jeffery Epstein Is Alive and well and carrying on as before under President Trump's watch. #StillSwampy
Israel Cyber Ops Documentary?
TRUMP CONSPIRACY
Been out of the loop: Jones, Q, Israel
HKeese think and say "We not a Chaineeze". What kind of nuts is that and why should we care? They ARE Chaineeze and why we get involved in them problems?
Struggling to find protests/rallies/marches on Sept. 11 in Chicago.... help?
Is this a distraction?
The Real Mormon Conspiracy: Satanism and Ritual Murder and Cannibalism of Children
Navy quietly ends climate change task force, reversing Obama initiative
I think we've been looking at the era of the information revolution, post internet world, all wrong. This is really the first couple generations to grow up with high speed internet from birth. And what do we see? Awareness and activism. This is why the elites are turning the bullshit to 11.
When the police start looking like this, we've got a problem.
Officially Seagulls
Jeffrey Epstein wasn’t killed. It was his clone. When you are that powerful, you are cloned.
The government is making other memes to make people forget about area 51
Ghislaine Maxwell (Jeffrey Epstein's child acquirer) finally breaks her silence
Prosecutors knew Backpage tried to help stop child sex trafficking. They took them down anyway.
6000 years of divine creation were discovered less than 200 years ago
DNC Cheating Tulsi Out Of Debate Spot
The elite divided us based on gender after the 2008 financial crash
I thought fires were good for forests LUL!?
Manipulating the Matrix. Law of Attraction?
Just like the most famous in usa..
93 Pizza in Enochian Gematria is 93 | 93 is THELEMA aka Aleister Crowley | 93 in Occult is also 911
John Pilger: "Do not forget Julian Assange. Or you will lose him. I saw him in Belmarsh prison and his health has deteriorated. Treated worse than a murderer, he is isolated, medicated and denied the tools to fight the bogus charges of a US extradition. I now fear for him. Do not forget him."
Looks like they fucked up on this post, all the comments hate it.
Interesting...
Breaking the Media Blackout on the Imprisonment of Julian Assange: The same media that spent years dragging his name through the mud are now engaging in a blackout on his treatment. If you're waiting for corporate media pundits to defend freedom of the press, you’re going to be disappointed.
In case you missed it; memes are now punishable thought crimes in America
What is going on at this abandoned diner in Grand Rapids, MI?
What happened to cereal box prizes ?
Jeffrey Epstein’s 'madam' Ghislaine Maxwell accused of sexually abusing two sisters in 1996, and threatening to kill them if they reported it
Durden was right. The first step to our freedom is abolishing debt and smashing our financial chains.
Early Epstein Accuser Recounts Bizarre Sexual Abuse Ignored By FBI, NYPD: When Maria says she contacted the New York Police Department and the FBI about the parade of young women being offered up to the millionaire pedophile, her reports went nowhere
Okay so wassup with 2030. They keep saying 2030 over and over and over. By they I mean the "experts" oops I meant.... elite.
Up to 30 Women to Speak at Hearing in Jeffrey Epstein Case as Prosecutors Ask Judge to Scrap Charges
Disputing Stephen Colbert's claims in his Youtube Pizzagate video, and showing how he intentionally misinforms the public PART 1
This ex-Democrat explains her experience at a @realDonaldTrump rally in Florida and then shares why she joined the #WalkAway movement after watching ABC's David Muir blatantly misrepresent what actually happened. People are waking up.
Watch "Patrick Byrne and Epstien connection" on YouTube
An update on my situation as a targeted individual
Trickle-down theory is a monstrous lie intended to justify the rich getting richer: One of the biggest lies foisted on the American people is that as rich people get richer, we all benefit — the so-called trickle-down theory.
I was banned for 3 days for reporting a post made by a user who is known to run a marketing company.
Greenland BlackOp Bases [Part II]: The "D.E.W. Line" Distant Early Warning System? Vrill Base/ Project Iceworm/Is real purpose to keep Civilians away from Arctic Circle?
I really feel like John Lennon was trying to tell us something on the song "Working Class Hero." Thoughts?
Could this 'Nuking a Hurricane' nonsense be a distraction to keep us from thinking about HAARP
'About Damn Time': In First of Thousands of Lawsuits Against Big Pharma, Johnson &amp; Johnson Ordered to Pay $572M for Flooding Oklahoma With Opioids
'About Damn Time': In First of Thousands of Lawsuits Against Big Pharma, Johnson &amp;amp; Johnson Ordered to Pay $572M for Flooding Oklahoma With Opioids
Ayia Napa: "false rape" woman pleads not guilty
Politics are just a game made to distract.
What will it take for people to actually riot over the Epstein injustices?
Apple and Samsung phones are reportedly being investigated by the FCC for emitting too much radiation
Fallout from Russia's mysterious missile disaster suggests a nuclear reactor blew up
What would it take for people to actually root over the Epstein Injustice
Conscious Rapper looking to awaken the masses
Sanders releases media plan: Press shouldn't be controlled by corporations, 'benevolent' billionaires — Presidential contender Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) on Monday released a plan to protect independent news outlets and journalists from the effects of widespread media consolidation.
USPS Leaving International Mail Union Set to Disrupt U.S. Elections
Trump knows climate change is real and is using it to profit
[Playlist] The story of The Annunaki told through music (turn on CC)
The Manufacturing of Greta Thunberg for the NWO's Climate Change Agenda
The Sleeper Awakes ~ A Fabian Prophecy?
Of course it is.... ppl can afford 24/7 security cameras for their houses, cars and even for their pets yet MCC couldn’t afford surveillance for the most valuabe prisoner in the entire world. What a fucking joke! Don’t forget one of the two prison guards watching him was fake due to “budget issues”
Today is Tuesday, August 27, 2019 It's been 5 years since CDC whistleblower gave his press release where he admitted omitting statistically significant data that suggest AA males who receive MMR vaccine before 36 months were at increased risk for Autism
The Luciferian Whistleblower
Swedish start-up used Greta Thunberg to bring in millions. Ingmar Rentzhog, an entrepreneur who claims he found and helped develop the Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg into a world phenomenon, also used her name to bring in almost SEK 10 million in venture capital for his company
I am a luciferian whistleblower, all the conspiracy theories are true. In fact, we purposely leak them.
‘It Could Happen to Anyone’: Family of Man Fatally Shot by Off-Duty LAPD Officer at Corona Costco Speaks Out
Secret Base? Blacked Out Russian Island On GoogleEarth - #Lomachenko #Usyk Train Here? #Tartaria?
Unusable footage outside Jeffrey Epstein’s cell. Really?
TIL: Martin Luther King plagiarized his dissertation.
Reddit recently accepted a $150m donation from a Chinese company, tencent. Now, they're replacing a much bigger Hong Kong subreddit (r/hongkong) for a prochina subreddit in their search engine.
The Saudi Ark of Gabriel Paranormal Anomaly and The Sorcha Faal Conspiracy
They were all enlightened buddhist nirvana three eyed pineal gland minds eye 7 chakra schizophrenic free masons &lt;&lt;&lt; which is all connected to witchcraft and 5 elements and 5 point pentagram stars too who fell away to darkness and sold their souls to satan and died and changed inside
Individual targeted by Kiwi Farms stalking self immolates in protest
Am I spied on?
Too many Activist Judges, Pedophile Lawyers, and Corrupted Police in America for the rule of Law to Work.
Kiwi Farmers are Gang stalkers
Why Reddit is losing its battle with online hate: New research shows how the message board keeps giving bigotry a home
British government intends to lobotomise its population with Bigger and taller 5G Wifi masts.
cue the x files theme
Today is Tuesday, August 28, 2019 It's been 5 years since CDC whistleblower gave his press release where he admitted omitting statistically significant data that suggest AA males who receive MMR vaccine before 36 months were at increased risk for Autism
Today is Tuesday, August 28, 2018 It's been 4 years since CDC whistleblower gave his press release where he admitted omitting statistically significant data that suggest AA males who receive MMR vaccine before 36 months were at increased risk for Autism
I got spam through the calendar on my phone, it's evolving. I'd blame data Google amd other companies which most likely sell our data for that.
YouTube censorship continues
Hong Kong Censorship
Is it within the realm of possibility JBP is a shill?
No title
Deep Fakes - The CIA's Mission Accomplished (Corbett Report)
Are we the source of "voice inside our head/consciousness" or are we the just observing these thoughts?
Psychic reads tarot cards on Jeffree Epstein
What is going on at this abandoned diner in Grand Rapids, MI?
Jeffrey Epstein's 'madam' Ghislaine Maxwell accused of sexually abusing two sisters in 1996, and threatening to kill them if they reported it.
If life is a simulation is this universe just our server
Do you think there was ever a time when security stopped someone trying to take out a powerful leader by either killing or apprehending moment before it was too late? And then keep it a secret to the public?
You think there was ever a time where someone tried to assassinate a leader, say.... president, but got caught and take. Out of apprehended and they did it in private or without letting media know?
What´s this?
Newly found Evidence shows that Hillary Clinton manipulated Election Results with help from GOOGLE
Found this boy lover symbol in Downtown Prague. I know it’s a stretch but who knows anymore.
Ingraham: Media fumbles the G7 summit
What if our existence really is nothing more than a computer simulation? Would testing the hypothesis, and finding a positive conclusion, trigger its immediate collapse and end?
Stuart Pivar on Jeffrey Epstein
NEW EVIDENCE CONFIRMS HILLARY MANIPULATED ELECTION RESULTS WITH HELP FROM GOOGLE
An idea for a weekly themed sticky post or something similar - Memory Hole Monday
What can Nietzsche reveal about the nature of lies and why many people WANT to be lied to?
PIZZAGATE Family says number on popular kids toy leads to a sex line
MK Ultra was successful
Ellen Page and Steven Anthony Lawrence are the same person
MK ULTRA WAS SUCCESSFUL
Goddamn law taking mans freedom and children leading to massive push back
Woke conspiracy theorists.
VMAs @ DEVILS hockey arena
[Meta] The conspiracy community needs to attack. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
Some background about the US government running spy operations on social media.
Part of CIA document talking about the emotional states that are created during the brainwashing process. (1956)
Supernatural sightings map will call attention to certain geographical areas, but why?
"The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently". -Friedrich Nietzsche.
Malcom X exposes KKK and "nazi" shills who turned out to be Jewish agents.
Not completely sure if this fits here, but posting it anyways. Possible link between autism and antidepressants.
Internet users average IQ must be lower than 100
Theory on burning amazon
What's the deal with the FBI?
Why No Congressional Investigation into Epstein’s Intelligence Connections? – The Future of Freedom Foundation
Reddit recently accepted an $150 million investment from a Chinese company, Tencent. Now, r/Hong_Kong, a pro china subreddit with only 1.6k subscribers, shows up first when searching for r/HongKong, a pro Hong Kong subreddit with 161k subscribers. r/HongKong doesnt even show up when typing a search.
Anti-Human Environmentalism
How many of you know that Hinduism is called Sanatan Dharm
Do you guys think the Russians actually controlled 2016 election?
The Law of Attraction
conspiracy podcast (deep fakes, Mandela effects, mass shootings etc)
This Deepfake of Mark Zuckerberg Tests Facebook’s Fake Video Policies
Jeffery Epstein (homicide?), Eugenics, Sandy hook conspiracies Podcast
Jeffrey who?
Politicians comment on funny YouTube videos to direct people to a political controversy to get Americans informed/confused
The Global Elite
Rеgistrаtiоn fоr аll cоuntriеs!!! 0.03BTС PRОM0CОDE! Оffеr is limitеd!!!
Sooo what's the plan?
Remember that show ‘Catch a Predator’ on Dateline with Chris Hanson as the host, baiting pedophiles to come to a house and then having them arrested? There needs to be a ‘Pedophiles in Politics and Media’ version! Would be a smash hit! Just a thought.
Dave Chapelle's NEW Stand-Up Special Pro-Pedophilia Jokes or Trying to Confirm
Amazon Rainforest fire a distraction?
So that ecosia browser... What if they started this whole "we need to talk about the Amazon fire" thing?
Please explain the magic/k side of explaining what they are going to do first?
Question I should ask Nancy Pelosi at school.
Interview with Lori Handrahan regarding her book on Child Sexual Abuse
Epstine, Oprah, Tom, Jim, Bill, Bill and Obama
strange post on Steven Spielberg from 'Boywiki' !
Is Tracy Twyman's Death Being Investigated AT ALL?
Dave Chappelles new Netflix special.
Hello Atomars Community,
Doctors/Experts Call for Delaying Deployment of 5G Due to Health Risks
Doctors, Experts Call for Delaying Deployment of 5G Due to Health Risks
Child miners aged four living a hell on Earth so YOU can drive an electric car: Awful human cost in squalid Congo cobalt mine that Michael Gove didn’t consider in his ‘clean’ energy crusade
The Media’s Russian Radiation Story Implodes Upon Scrutiny. Scott Ritter, former WMD inspector. The American Conservative
Anyone heard of this company?
Photo of 8-year-old Wichita boy helping classmate with autism goes viral
Big brother in action again
China's Air Pollution Is So Bad, the Sun's Rays Can't Reach Solar Panels — yet they are labeled a leader in green energy.
Social Justice Democrats are Now Promoting the Satanic Temple
Anyone heard of the company xuan-lee capital?
“Persistent surveillance” in the name of border security
Anyone find it the memes about unvaccinated kids kind of disturbing?
Reddit report sheds light on violent comments made by left wing users
Jeffrey Epstein Accuser Maria Farmer Says the New York Academy of Art Helped Enable the Disgraced Financier
“Persistent Surveillance” in the name of order security
Guess who owned this work of "art"? Wtf NSFW
Weird Dave Chappelle Netflix special where he sympathies with the pedos.
Please. Watch 'Network'. On Netflix now. You think you've seen it, you haven't. Its more relevant and Awe-full than anything you're looking for on this subreddit right now. And you can enjoy it with a friend...
Donald Trump's Part of the Deep State?
Does anyone have a source or explanation for this photo?
Twitter sleuths uncover an anti-Sanders conspiracy
The 9/11 conspiracy from the perspective of air traffic controllers...I watched it years ago and can’t seem to find it anymore
Epstein’s fake suicide
Uncle Rufus Rising
Coast to Coast AM is what got my into conspiracy theories.
Creepy passive aggressive letter from Church of Scientology
Steve Jobs is barefoot and alive in Egypt. #iMalive
Jeffrey Epstein's 'madam' Ghislaine Maxwell is accused of sexually abusing two sisters, 25 and 16, at the financier's properties in 1996
I saw a Tall White "Inorganic Being" Swaying In my friends 5 acre forest, it was swaying Left to Right back and forth and I felt like I was going to die. Was this a Reptillian E.T?
Reddit just accidentally banned a subreddit with almost 2,000,000 subscribers, along with several other larger subreddits, for "spam".
The Deep State took down 8ch and Voat to distrupt Trump's ability to receive direct feedback from his true base and pivot accordingly
Footage from camera outside Jeffrey Epstein's cell deemed unusable
1990s Pedophile Ring Exposed
That time Bill Maher starred in the movie "The Pizzaman" when he played a pizza delivery guy who blows up Donald Trump with a bomb. In 1991.
Anyone know whatever happened to this guy?
Something strange about Alice.
Couple finds bigfoot hiding in Utah mountains recently, do you think there really is Bigfoot creatures stomping around our local woods at night or all just a made up conspiracy theory?
Is Hong Kong protest a conspiracy or natural?
Sad if true
A beverage company is testing addictive pharmaceuticals and Research Chemicals, and specifically targeting people recovering from substance abuse, in the effort to make a buck off their soda.
New Study Finds cellphones RF measured over the legal safety limit
Millions people are joining across 150 countries. Churxhs, Labor Unions and schools have publicly endorsed their employees and students in various countries in order to help gain traction in this movement. Why haven't we heard anything on the new in America?? More info and sources in comments!
I need some hope in this dark world.
Is Shakira a liar?
Arkansas news says schools on high alert after school shooting threat from out of country
Big Pharma company found responsible for opioid crisis by judge in landmark case
Johnson &amp; Johnson ordered to pay Oklahoma $572 million for fueling opioid crisis
How the Left is Pushing America Further Right
They are everywhere.
I don't understand the Flat Earth Theory
Something BIG is coming to London. I say this as I have been on a London false flag watch for years. Check out the predictive programming. https://youtu.be/VFqgUG86aPM
Epstein's Lolita Express Flight Log
Holy shit, some guy posted this on facebook before the fires on amazon even started!
Pedogate Research/Interesting Connections
TIFU I gave my kid a bunch of vaccines who then got autism so I made a joke the kid was anti-vaxx now.
They're Coming for All of Us, and No One is Safe
What are your thoughts on the Universe?
Cervical cancer in increasing in young women (in the UK)
Larry Celona's IMDB Page: WTF?!... His 2 movie credits are Stanley Kubrick's 'Eyes Wide Shut' and 'A Perfect Murder'
A rather different take on the "Amazon Fires" - Why am I not surprised... Fake news!
Climate Info.
In light of the Epstein/Groening connection - We Do (Stonecutters Secret Society)
Shortly after The Late Show with Stephen Colbert ran a piece on Pizzagate, researchers discovered that Stephen Colbert and John Podesta were actually very close friends. This showed a blatant conflict of interest. Colbert's "debunking" video is now the #1 top result for 'Pizzagate' on Youtube.
Jeffery Epstein’s death/ Clinton’s involvement
What did he done this time?
Elon Musk is 'full of s**t', say former Tesla employees and solar energy experts
Testimony of Argentinians who met Hitler in the 1950s.
Tracy Twyman - Baphomet: The Temple Mystery Unveiled. Jessy Waugh youre a fucking awful podcaster
Classical musicians and visual artist' response to chemtrails/cloudseeding
Oswald radio interviews in August 1963. He was eloquent, knowledgeable, shrewd and very moderate.
Ran across this today. Classical musicians/artists responding to chemtrails/cloudseeding.
your theories/beliefs
Is constantly having your comments removed because your account is “new” a normal practice on this sub?
The whole "guy shooting up a non-existent basement" is just a kill-3-birds-with-1-stone thing = make pizzagate look fake and ridiculous, make conspiracy theorists look dangerous, and show how we gotta ban those AR-15s! The basement was in Pegasus museum, not the pizza place owned by the same guy.
Oh those Borromeos
Xylella: Supervillain or Symptom | Charles Eisenstein
[Spoof - yet not] The famous clip where Jonathan Pie goes bonkers on the topic of "Freedom of Speech" after Count Dankula went viral pissing off his girlfriend
“The propagandist’s purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human”
Okay but really, what’s the likelihood that Trump actually is gaming the stock market to his personal benefit, with these Tariffs?
Join us in mass meditation to heal the negative energy created by child ritual sacrifices!
Controlling Minds, Narratives &amp; Elections: Google, YouTube, Facebook &amp; Twitter
please help me find news/articles related to the South American Journalist that outed the Church and wound up dead.
Patrick Byrne
Peter Newsham, Chief of Police for Washington D.C., who also publicly supports Comet Ping Pong owner, James Alefantis, allowed an 11-year-old girl to be charged with 'false report of rape' despite medical accounts of her sexual injuries and findings of multiple samples of semen on her underwear.
"How &amp; Why Big Oil Conquered The World" - A comprehensive study by James Corbett - of Globalisation, it's players, goals &amp; aim. Well sourced, and likely the best researched documentaries to date on how Civilization as it's currently know came to be
It's actually pretty easy, if u kno
Big cat spotted in north wales
Somethings gone wrong in Reddit? Whole bunch of innocuous subreddits just got banned.
15 Former Spooks Who Work At CNN And MSNBC Now
There are fires in Africa bigger than the Amazon ones , yet the media is silent
Strange interview with Epstein's friend Stuart Pivar
The Broccoli Conspiracy
Ive changed my mind, I think Epstein killed himself
YSK about the Institute for Venture Science
Judge says the parents whose children were stolen via fraudulent hair tests HAVE NO LEGAL STANDING to sue Children's Aid!
Anti Semitism in Here
CGI 3D Animated Short "I, Pet Goat II" by - Heliofant
Does anyone else find it a little surprising that r/DavidIcke only has 1,500 members?
The cargo ship with tons of fentanyl seized in Mexico is reportedly owned by Maersk, which partners with CargoMetrics, whose CEO is Ghislaine Maxwell's friend Scott Borgerson
Footage showing helicopters intentionally burning the Amazon forest... Not sure if it's real but sure as fuck looks like it.
Before the fairness doctrine was repealed the media was actually fair. But republicans repealed it because republicans do not like fair and balanced media
The Franklin Scandal: A Story of Powerbrokers, Child Abuse &amp; Betrayal
This Canadian Politician was arrested for criticizing Israel in the following video. Don't let them hide this from the public, because he's now going to Prison for the following remarks.
Admiral Byrd &amp; The Conquest for Truth
Perhaps Russia is doing this for a larger military to combat NATO?
This Exxon Mobile chart from 1982 predicted that in 2019 our atmospheric CO2 level would reach about 415 parts per million, raising the global temperature roughly 0.9 degrees C. Update: The world crossed the 415ppm threshold this week and broke 0.9 degrees C in 2017 Award Winning Story in comments.
Anyone heard about targeted individuals? What's it all about?
Policing For Profit: How Civil Asset Forfeiture Has Perverted American Law Enforcement
Are the HK Riots being propagated by the USA?
magnificence of centralized media... - "Shithole-meme" of 2018
Accused Pedophile Woody Allen Seen Popping Out Of Convicted Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein's Mansion
Remember when Charlie Sheen was a 9/11 Truther?
First time posting here
Is it me or has this sub went downhill ever since the Epstein conspiracy went mainstream?
What if polar ice caps melting are more to do with Russian nuke tests (possibly underwater) than other man-made possibilities?
Payola is real in Social Media now... What you see is what you paid for.
Need your help.How do I begin to convince/get my friend into conspiracy?
A pentagon can be magenta..........
Future of Humans
The world really forgot about Epstein, gun control, mueller/russian interference real quick
Strange Black Streak Across Sky
The deception runs much deeper than you think.
NXIVM, The arizona mafia, the democrat party, READ AND SAVE THIS!
Who wants to check out my online occult library? Over 2000 books
Michael Mann, creator of the infamous global warming ‘hockey stick,’ loses lawsuit against climate skeptic, ordered to pay defendant’s costs
Strange lights seen over Jackson Hole, Wyoming
Uh-oh: Silicon Valley is building a Chinese-style social credit system
Controlling Minds, Narratives &amp; Elections: Google, YouTube, Facebook &amp; Twitter
First Disney hires a communist Chinese sympathizer for Mulan. Now they are hiring an anti-white twitter SJW for Ms. Marvel. Is Disney/Marvel actively trying to divide and destroy the United States of America?
Pictorial History of The World War circa 1919.
Saw this on ask, any thoughts on this?
Ruth Bader Ginsburg received an honorary degree and gave a public speech at the University of Buffalo today.
Mega Group, Maxwells and Mossad: The Spy Story at the Heart of the Jeffrey Epstein Scandal
Feminist wants to kill all men and male babies
Miley Cyrus just got this tattoo 🤔
Theory as to why Prince Andrew is being outted.
Ok so how exactly does selling your soul work?
The idea that Putin controls Trump and the U.S. Government through hidden blackmail power is as deranged, mindless, stupid, and unhinged as anything Alex Jones has ever advocated.
I’m not saying he had to flee, but he had a lot of enemies
Air Pollution May Cause Neuropsychiatric Disorders. A new study shows there is a link between exposure to air pollution and an increase in neuropsychiatric disorders.
Emerson Collective &amp; Charter School Corruption with guest Chris Richards
Ginsburg appears strong during first speech since latest cancer revelation
Amazon jungle being deliberately burned down
Twitter relying on US/European gov-funded regime-change groups to crack down on foreign states | The Grayzone
Minority Report Clinton Impeachment was a coup attempt but not by the GOP
Hm, something feels a bit off here....
The Secret M-I-C Base in Greenland - "Project Iceworm" - Deep State Arctic Base Still in ROGUE Operation?
It's unsettling how quickly the world has forgotten about Jeffrey Epstein and his crimes
Is google listening to our conversations?
Americans Have Shifted Dramatically on What Values Matter Most
Some Shocking Statistics: Political Ignorance
Drag Queen Story Time is Grooming The Next Generation
Who Is Timothy Holmseth?
President Donald Trump floated the idea of using nukes to stop hurricanes early on in his presidency. While he did not invent this concept, it does raise an alarming premise. Perhaps geoengineering and weather warfare falls within that realm of secrecy that even the president doesn't have access to
HARPA: Trump Seeking New Agency to Use A.I. to Screen Mental Health for Gun Ownership?
LA Sniper False Flag to target 'mentally ill'.
Epsteins flight log
Area 51 HOAX!
Another established connection between fracking and earthquakes/tremors.
If Trump Were an Airline Pilot
Stupid question alert.
Can someone shine some light on each one of these?
Why has NYC mayor Bill de Blasio twice now on national tv (Sunday night during his one-hour CNN town hall) pushed a very anti-Russia narrative, scare-mongering Americans against Russia, which for decades has only wanted normal, friendly relations with us?
When over half of the people in America is at war with America, Those who Defend America will be consider terrorist, but when the Government fight Government, anyone else who joins in is the Terrorist.
Just a matter of time till this is the United States
Question: why is Ghislaine Maxwell not in jail/being held by authorities yet?
Uh-oh: Silicon Valley is building a Chinese-style social credit system
This Deputy's Lie Just Became Viral Fake News: A Los Angeles County Sheriff’s deputy “completely fabricated” a report that he was shot by a sniper — slashing his own shirt to appear as if he were struck by gunfire
Maybe..... 🤔
I’m surprised at how hard the BBC is coming down on Price Andrew, here is segment from Aug. 19th, would not be surprised if he was the next one found suicided.
FBI just revealed seriousness of corruption in US marijuana business licensing. Our investigative reporting shows why.
U.S. judge orders release of FBI records that may tie Saudi royals to 9/11
corruptifornia just tried to hide kamala harriss conviction records! Theyre trying to make it impossible to find her record!
Nestlé plan to take 1.1m gallons of water a day from natural springs sparks outcry — Opponents fighting to stop the project say the fragile river cannot sustain such a large draw
Heard of those two missing boaters? There's something fishy about this story...
This vivid imagination is driving me insane.
After Covering the Paris Notre Dame Cathedral Fire Non-Stop, Media Silent as the Amazon Burns for Weeks
Regarding the “partisan bullshit”
Reddit didn't need China's help to start pumping out propaganda and misinformation, stop pretending this site was innocent before China showed up.
Reddit didn't need China's help to start pumping out propaganda and misinformation, stop pretending this site was innocent was before China showed up.
Rule No. 180 GPS Game Developers are shady
Pizza boy appearing with the 'Boy Lover' symbol behind him from a Jimmy Kimmel Live episode. 2015
There is currently a lot of violence happening in Hong Kong, with the protest. However, those causing violence are not part of the movement. Their goal is to invalidate the movement for Democracy, and to make the protesters seem violent to the world.
Who Flew With Jeffery Epstein
Remember when a network of clothing stores in Orleans, France in 1969 was accused of being a front for kidnapping and sex trafficking?
Navy Veteran guest Marcus J Cage on Dem Primary, Epstein, &amp; Mass Shootings
The best-known inflationary currency of today, Dynamite (DYNMT), has been listed at the newest and most advanced cryptocurrency exchange, BCNEX.
False Flag Exposed? Deputy Faked Sniper Attack For Four Days?
Isotopes composition proves a reactor was involved in Nenoksa accident.
This is more my story than a conspiracy, its so hard to believe though that even i'll call it one. (All events occurred in SYD, AUS 2019)
Deputy sheriff faked Lancaster sniper shooting.
satanic ritual bust from the FBI
What are some good books to read?
Behind a made-for-TV Hong Kong protest narrative, Washington is backing nativism and mob violence | The Grayzone
Cop convicted of sex crime frames innocent black man for murder of cops' fiance. Man sentenced to death in November
Introduction to pizzagate post
Mediterranean Discoveries
Encounter With Tall White "Inorganic Being" In Forest (B.C Canada)
Meet Helga and Zohar, the dummies destined for a pioneering lunar flyby "going further than any human has flown before" - European Space Agency. Wait a minute, didn't humans got to the moon, around the moon, up and down the moon 50 years ago?
Google search manipulators are literally Kalergists, speaking of Diversity hires in terms of "Coffee Beans", memos to NOT let these conversations be shown to the public (too late manwhores)
Real id act ALL STATES NEED TO BE IN COMPLIANCE aka NATIONAL ID
The Google team manipulating search results is named after a PostModernist who wrote about methods for breaking down Western Civilisation
Anyone else wonder why this tweet became popular right after the smoke from the fire reached São Paulo? The world media were aware of the issue since the fire had started but refused to report on it because they were paid to keep quiet. And then they realised they can no longer hide the truth
Bill cooper interview
We're at WAR people (according to this bloke)
Relation between Aliens, Humans, and burning of knowledge?
America's Military Industrial Complex
hey guys. trump just tweeted. stop talking about epstein -cnn
Cop framing an innocent
Horrific Example of Misrepresentative News - Case study Asiana Crash at SFO 2013
Rare photos from a 1972 Rothschild "Illuminati" party. Just rich people being weird...?
Interesting lyrics in Yandhi
Happy Monday!
Goog patent - Nervous system manipulation by electromagnetic fields from monitors
Hundreds of Trackers Following you when you browse the internet in order to create your profile and profit from it.
Organizations like the Trilateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Affairs were assumed by many to be the guiding force for peace among Western allies and Japan and for pushing a free trade agenda, etc. What are some of the new theories to explain what is happening with our allies and trade now
TIL Justin Trudeau could be Fidel Castro’s son...
Stopped a mass shooting
Epstein
McRib is Human Flesh v.1
Nigel Farage unveils George Soros corruption with EU
Socialism
A gamer is going to jail for 20 years for role playing a terrorist in a videogame. Is this a plot from the government to silence free speech?
What are peoples opinions on the "Conspiracy Theories" podcast?
Mark Wahlberg has committed several Hate Crimes in the past, and is trying to have his record Destroyed. Wahlberg's crimes must be Revealed to the Public.
Rudy Giuliani: just made this remark about Seth Rich........
Popular conspiracy site AboveTopsSecret censoring members &amp; banning people with no recourse for questionable reasons
Why does no one talk about Britney Spears being held captive against her will?
Zaha Dehar: a teenage escort transformed into French cinema actress
Fluoride Lowers Your IQ Harvard Study
Revisiting The Missing Footage of Stanley Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut (1999)
Apparently the Amazon fires are normal, and just like any other year...
Android's Bixby randomly opens when I'm naked
Omar, Tlaib, and the United States of Israel
Israel apparently bombed Shiite militia base in Iraq in July
About that White Nationalist Dirty Bomb
Donald Trump: Israel’s Chump
AI systems to detect 'hate speech' could have 'disproportionate negative impact' on African Americans: Study
If you live long enough, you'll see any number of existential threats to humanity come and go. Here's a list of some this old man has seen:
Over the last few centuries, human scientific knowledge and technology have become so effective at thwarting nature’s attempts to control our rising populations. Expanding human population is perhaps the greatest challenge of our century, or the millennium.
The Stars are in a Grid
Did AT&amp;T do 9/11!?
The only successful cultural revolution will be a distributed revolution
Anyone that can translate this channel?
Do you think that the timing between HBO Chernobyl series and the recent Russian explosion are really just coincidence? I think the line between reality and fiction sometimes get wierdly thin.
Facebook polls seem to be biased, found this problem on many polls.
Epstein and Clinton in Brunei from a Vanity Fair article about Epstein from 2003. Anyone got the original magazine and article?
Google location. For an ordinary person such as myself, what would you argue for or against having this on your phone, or even having a phone capable of tracking at all?
Help?
Patrick Byrne has been calling out the 'deep state' for over ten years and this is just his return to the headlines over this matter
Is this conspiracy theory or conspiracy fact?
I lost time
Things to watch out for and a request
Pure American brainwashing: Morning talk show celebrating war.
Mexico secured approximately 23,368 kilograms of Fentanyl
Is the "rainforest fires" story supposed to distract us from something?
Did trade war cause the Amazon fires?
Serious Question: When or if you are woke, is it possible to go back from being woke?
Any Epstein related videos that aren’t batshit insane?
Overstock CEO &amp; The Deep State
Fake news website accurately predicted Jeffrey Epstein's "suicide" by the Clintons almost a month in advance
I'm a technician of a secret underground radio system (Number station) AMA
Hitchens on “Conspiracy Theorists”
Elementary Students are given horribly boring books to read to impart a negative attitude about reading in general.
What is the scope of what was discovered in the Panama Papers?
Beyond Discerniment: Aug Tellez, Yvonne Palermo and Justin Deschamps advanced technology, Does anyone have information on where to find this post?
Leonardo-backed fund Pledges $5 Million To Preserve Amazon Rainforest
8 days ago r/HongKong (155k members) was No. 4 in "Top Growing Communities". Today, it is nowhere to be seen in the Top 500. A different sub r/Hong_Kong (1.3k members) is No. 252, showing it is not due to a decline in interest in the city.
Elementary School students are given horrifically boring books to read to a negative attitude about reading.
Origins of Jefferey Epstein part 1 from the YouTube channel 1791
How many manipulative mind control techniques do you find trying to fuck with you on a daily basis?
Is the Catholic Church responsible for the pedophilia and sex-trafficking crisis?
lol he’s crying because they pulled off their big scheme
&amp; the pot has the right to call the kettle black. This isn’t even news.
So God created man in his own image
Bill Clinton on Joe Rogan Experience Deepfake
Baphomet worship
This world is done.
Are 2nd Amendment "Arms" Actually Signifiers of Heraldry? (PDF link)
Call to Action against Evil
Psychiatrist on CNN: Trump “May Be Responsible for Many More Million Deaths” Than Hitler, Stalin, Mao
My theory
Thank God for the 2A
Jeffrey Epstein homicide investigation, Eugenics &amp; Sandy hook Conspiracy podcast
The Kubrick-Epstein Connection: Unlocking Eyes Wide Shut (1999)
Hmmm
Need help with an argument, and with reading comprehension
How To Bury A Story - #PropagandaWatch
The royal family of England owns 3 of the most expensive diamonds in the world and they never paid a dime for them. The De Beers diamond mining company hoards tons of diamonds in their safes, in order to make them seem as if they're rare...so they can inflate their prices.
Connections between NY Post, Murdoch and Kubrick.
Lancaster deputy confessed to fabricating sniper shooting, authorities say
The Spy State And Its Progress Creating the All Seeing Eye!
What if the government has a machine that controls time.
I know what happened the night Jeffery Epstein was “Cloned Out”
Brazil is about to commit genocide
False Flag Event? Upcoming Anti-Vax Rally This Month Exposed as Controlled Opposition
Big Tech, Russia and U.S. Under Fire for A.I. Weapons Programs; Campaign to Stop Killer Robots Coalition Doubles in Size
- Unpopular Opinion- Predictive Programming" is really just random data that people string together to try to make sense of a complicated and traumatic event. Cookie Monster from 1976? Really?
When someone tells me that I need to start using Paper Straws, but China doesn't have to change anything until 2050.
What's the name of that report of countries economic forecasts?
Larry Celona is an Anagram for Royal Lancer. The same Larry Celona from The New York Post was the first to report the death of Jeffrey Epstein, Stanley Kubrick, JFK Jr., and all the NYPD suicides. Guess who is the Colonel-in-Chief of the Royal Lancers?
LiftTheVeil is streaming News on DLive!
[Unpopular Opinion] "predictive programming" is really just random data that people string together to try to make sense of a complicated and traumatic event. Cookie Monster from 1976? Really?
The amazon forest fire is a distraction
Hong Kong protesters taking down facial recognition towers
College Creates AI to Identify Hate on Campus -- Discover Minority Students are the Worst Abusers
TIL, in the Philippines, for the bargain price of roughly £350, you can purchase "death kits" which is made up of documents that proves your death. The process involves obtaining a fake death certificate and buying an unclaimed corpse from one of the many morgues in the Philippines.
Here's The Meaning of Epstein's Temple
Beachgoers left 'struggling to breathe' - Fuel Spill Blamed
As we approach the 1 million users milestone, I would like to share some thoughts, advice and realizations with newer and old users alike
Download music mp3: Alan Walker &amp; A$AP Rocky – Live Fast (PUBGM)
X-post
A whole hour of 9/11 being predicted
Part 2- Brazilian Pentagon aligns with three sites.
Wanna go down an inter-dimensional rabbit hole? (INTRO)
PATRICK LAWRENCE: Finally Time for DNC Email Evidence. Consortium News.
PATRICK LAWRENCE: Finally Time for DNC Email Evidence. Consortium News.
This subreddit is missing the Corkboard graph..
PART II ~ BRAZILIAN PENTAGON ALIGNS EXACTLY WITH THREE ANCIENT MYSTICAL SITES(!)
Russian Collusion, impeachment &amp; racism didn't work. The new attack: Trump is mentally ill
Uncanny resemblance between a photo of Steve Jobs and photo of Steve Jobs "look alike" posted on r/pics probably as a joke. Analysis in comments.
This plaque inside Cape Town stadium, The 5 signatures, 3 of which I believe to have been suspected of corruption (1,2,5) and 1,2 prosecuted for corruption, weird to think in 2010 nobody knew.
Mrs. incredible cheated on mr. incredible
What are your opinions on the "why" of it all? What's the question you're trying to answer?
Wanna go down an inter-dimensional rabbit hole? (Part I)
These movies have been listed has the highest grossing movies of all time
X-post
Art Bell foreshadows his Death Day back in ‘98. Definitely weirded me out.
Everyone has to have something to fight for. What's your motivation for routing out conspiracies? What are you fighting to protect?
"The Voice of Reason"
The simplest explanation for the Epstein case
The Origins of Jeffrey Epstein
Out of 5000 days trading S&amp;P500, less than 1% of the time can make the difference between turning a profit or a loss.
How Socialism actually ends up in practice.
Thoughts on dissociation, symbolism in entertainment, and why the number 27 proves a hidden hand
George Galloway: Ghislaine Maxwell's father, Robert Maxwell, was a powerful media mogul, a rival to Rupert Murdoch, an arms dealer, Mossad agent, and stole half a billion dollars from his own employees' pension fund
Police Admit to False Claims of Sniper in L.A.
Humans are not "vegan" animals. Judge convicts parents after baby dies from vegan diet.
I think it's important to not implicate everyone who went on the Lolita Express.
If capitalism is so great, why do all these examples of #PovertyPorn exist?
Big Pharma is the biggest scam in history.
Three 'chemical spill' events, two years ago, two weeks ago, and today. All caused breathing difficulties, two causing vomiting and sore eyes. No cause has been found, even for the event that occurred two years ago.
"Gang Stalking in a nutshell - the truth about the Targeted Individual Phenomena" by Immanuel Goldstein
Bezos and Musk's global Low Earth Orbit satellites to save 30B for users. (X-post) Asking this sub, is there a catch in this ?
You must first understand political self determination is a charade, we have owners, then everything will make sense
Does this guy rule Earth? Why haven't we heard of him if he's "the boss of bosses"?
None of the vaccines on the CDC children's schedule have been tested against a proper placebo.
They wouldn't set the largest rainforest on the planet on fire just to cover this stuff up, would they? (Posted on Aug 11 - the Amazon rainforest began burning on Aug 15).
Elite satanists/luciferians marry trannies / More examples needed!
YouTuber "debunks" the hype around Nikola Tesla. What do you think?
The Great HS2 Landgrab
[Meta] Maximizing visibility of controversial posts
Dr. Seuss was modern intellectual warfare against the masses
In 2013, 94% of the TOR Project funding came from the US government; only 3.4-6.1% of traffic was for illicit purposes.
Galen Winsor: The Nuclear Scare Scam -- Former nuclear tech safety manager argues that depleted uranium is completely safe, more valuable than platinum, and "nuclear waste" in barrels is human bodies and other evidence
George Galloway - The Mother Of All Talkshows - Episode 10
Humpty Epstein
Does everyone know about the titanic conspiracy (there’s a few but the one about the ships being switched)
I don't know if it's common alternative knowledge, but the twin towers were bombed from the inside [Where Did The Towers Go? by Dr. Judy Wood]
Lancaster Deputy Admitted to Fabricating Sniper Shooting, Authorities Say
Probably not for everyone, but here's a psychic reading about Epsteins death :)
“Souther California Deputy Confesses to Fabricating Sniper shooting.” Wonder if there’s anything else other than a possible small con job.
What If Aliens did try to communicate?
The Road to Chinese Censorship, will be Paved with Good Intentions.
Journalist stopped by US border agent 'for being part of fake news media'
Don't give up
X post from /r/news: Secretive warfare training being staged in 21 North Carolina counties, Army says : news
Anybody please answer! But I found this in some really old boxes in my garage. I’m pretty sure this belongs to My uncle because he has a sign similar to the “G” but on the back of his car. Again please anybody tell me what this is I’m really interested to know and I can’t find it anywhere online??!!
The Hong Kong police sent undercover officers to ignite violence within the protesters
The only reason Epstein's "death" is so mysterious is because they wanted people to debates wether he was killed or it was a suicide, so nobody conclude that he's actually alive.
Woody Allen with adopted daughter/future wife?
I pet goat 2 foreshadowing the hong kong protests?
Who are the people behind Church Zero?
Why is it that conspiracy theorists never seem to show any amount of suspicion towards organized religions?
TIL there are 4 times as many forest fires in Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo as in Brasil and the media doesn't report on it.
I found this article about the Illuminati in an 'elite' magazine. Way to make humanity's greatest enemies look like some kind of an exotic topic for coffee-table discussions.
Michael Mann Refuses to Produce Data, Loses Case
WTC1 leaking fluid. I thought I had seen all the footage until I came across this.
Arcade game from 1990 knew about 9/11
Clinton body count.
Help me connect the dots with Hong Kong
Bill Clinton pictured w baby massage therapist Kevin Reynolds, a former LAPD who was found in Epstein’s flight logs on the Lolita Express!
'Protesters in Hong Kong are Cutting Down Facial Recognition Towers'
The Road Ahead
Study: 78% of Trans and 'Non-Binary' Students Mentally Disordered
Griffin, Georgia: A cop claims his wife, Jessica Boynton, has committed suicide by gunshot. The Georgia Bureau of Investigation concludes that she has successfully committed suicide. Problem: She's still alive today, after waking from a blunt trauma induced coma.
Has the debate climate on this sub changed? Loads of Ad Hominem.
Look at how much Amazon Kindle Fire advertising you see when you google image "Amazon Fire"
First they came for the bots: US academics make case for 1984-style silencing of any dissent
Conspiracy: Antifa is good. Reality: Black man fights to get MAGA hat back from white Antifa thief
Misconceptions about suicide related to Epstein case VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ THIS!!
The Media Can Point Your Attention Wherever They Want. The Truth Is The Amazon Rain Forest Fires Are Below Average from Last 15 years... And on Agricultural Land That Was Already Cleared
Proud Boys leader admits rallies all about brawling, costing ‘millions’
Anyone interested in seeing how corrupt the US's intelligence agencies are, check out FBI agent Ted Gunderson's claims
Colombian Instagram model accused of running child sex trafficking ring
Unpaid Kentucky coal miners have been blocking a train track for 3 weeks
I got called out for talking about privacy in a Discord server, claiming that I talked about a "controversial topic". If we consider privacy a controversial topic, then we're in for a very bad future.
Stop using this sub for your partisan bullshit. There’s other subs literally made for your “political identity” elsewhere.
The right and left division as a Hegelian Dialectic. Bothering with it is usually a waste of time, what matters when judging a politician are his intentions and actions.
Papal Knight Rupert Murdoch says Newscorp is just like the Jesuits.
SS: Good morning brethren! I’m seeking twitter accounts that drop that good stuff dripping in sap filled conspiracy goodness. What ever threads you want to provide; From believable threads to “omg TPTB do eat children &amp; I have proof”. Nothing is off the table_________. Thx :)
“Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakens.” -Carl Jung.
Remember that time Naomi Cambell received blood diamonds from a dictator
"Information is power. But like all power, there are those that want to keep it for themselves". -Aaron Swartz.
What If The Amazon Rainforest Burned Down
Bayer/Monsanto paid google in order to manipulate search results and used PR agents in order to target journalists and activists.
Considering the fact that events like 9/11 are controlled and substantiated by our own government, what is your thoughts on individuals who join the military because 'America'?
Hidden in Plain Sight: The Shocking Origins of the Jeffrey Epstein Case (Parts 1-4)
Are farmers clearing more land in the Amazon to make way for future trade with China?
The CIA developed an assassination heart attack gun, according to a declassified report of 1975.
Search for missing teen Emanuela Orlandi leads to recovery of bones of dozens of people at the Vatican.
Gaslit By A Madman: On Philosophy, Madness, &amp; Society
Secretive warfare training being staged in 21 North Carolina counties, Army says
Where’s Ghislaine Maxwell? She is protected, she will never see the inside of a prison cell for the unpardonable crime of making an unknown number of children sex slaves. She is thumbing her nose at the victims.
If you're a male who drinks a lot of hoppy beer and has fertility issues it may be related.
The examples of "Missing Links" that proved evolution (e.g. Lucy, Java man, etc) we were taught about years ago were all phonies.
33 on the chicken at the back. For all ya pizzagate people! It is the highest rank in freemasonry.
How to Bury a Story: James Corbett Explores the Extraordinary Epstein Episode
The Jeffrey Epstein Truth Bomb They Don't Want You To See!
Did Ruth Ginsburg die and Melanie Trump attended her funeral in plain sight at her memorial? Right under our noses? Why hide it? Well, that’s to be determined.
Who is Larry Celona? Larry Celona is the NY Post reporter who had the only post mortem photos of Epstein, and the trail goes deep....
Kubrick &amp; Moon Landing - Bizarre Story Never Told
The Amazon fire narrative is being used as distraction and no one seems to notice
Chemtrails Secret History Exposed - Deep State Eugenics Smoke Screen
Liberal Journalist Thinks She Can Buy A Firearm Easily, Gets A Rude Awakening
Prince Andrew spent six days at Jeffrey Epstein's home two years after he was convicted
Holy shit...
Kincora (2015): 'VIP paedophile ring' victim Richard Kerr speaks out
Trump owns Trump Model Management and Trump Management Group LLC. They provide US Visas to hundreds of foreign modeling hopefuls. His wife Melania, was once a contestant.
More to the College Conspiracy
What happens when you combine extinction rebellion climate change with the breakaway civilisation space program theory?
Single most important whistleblower Karen Hudes, World Bank.
Zodiakos (Zodiac Pisces): The Circle of Holy Animals 11/11
Protestors in Hong Kong are cutting down facial recognition towers
Bill Gates openly mocks Africa with his "human waste" obsession
Mind control is actually quite possible
Amazon fires caused by Russia?
Is the world going to end in 2020? What’s your views on this?
Are 4chan and 8chan sites a good or bad thing?
Epstein Island Flight Log
🇺🇲KillHuminati🇮🇱
Why prices in a developing countries are usually much lower than in the rest of the world?
Public Enemy #1 should be the Chinese. Not BREXIT, ePsTeIn, Simpson’s?, and Trump.
Neal Adams illustrates that the moon is growing.
Is the world going to end in 2020? What’s your views on this?
I see what you did there Singapore...
Old Canadian newspaper article I found. Trudeau Sr.
Another one bites the dust.
Beijing Pledges Fight “To the End” Against U.S. Economic Confrontation. Chinese sneak attack is possibility.
A US Federal Judge is forcing Taxpayers to fund "sexual reassignment surgery" for transgenders aka Sterilisation and bodily mutilation under the facade of treatment
Hmmm.......
amazon rainforest is on fire. help through prayer
Veganism being pushed to solve climate change regardless of other huge contributing factors.
[META] Epstein was a Mossad operation. So was 9/11. I wonder to what extent blackmail was used to ensure the 9/11 "investigation" was a whitewash.
Chinese false flags?
Amazon fires were started to sway attention from Epstein
Epstein can be viewed as no more than a speck of dust in the Elite pedo rings
Proof of the mass corporate propaganda machine. We will tell you unwashed masses what to think !!!
youtube channels request regarding epstein
Jimmy Savile: The most demonic 'human' that once was Knighted by the Queen and had keys to hospitals.
WW3 imminent with Iran as the catalyst?
Emerson Collective &amp; Charter School Corruption with guest Chris Richards
I CHALLENGE THE WORLD... TO DEBATE... MY CLAIM AS CALIPH.... DEFEAT ME.. OR FUCK YOU HELP ME SOLVE THE WORLDS MAJOR PROBLEMS.... which I am ready to solve with real world solutions..... help me..... or fuck you.
Happiness
UFO Caught on Camera - What Do You Think This Is
Justice Department Inspector General Completes FISA Abuse Investigation
It's all true. There is a New World Order conspiracy; they're keeping secrets from you. And we know what the secrets are. Are you curious?
Phoenix Active Shooter Training August 27th
BREAKING! A Federal Judge just passed Finally Ruling on Hillary Clinton Over New Court SUBPOENA - Political Reviews
Historical Figures I believe the Illuminati had assassinated
Post removed in r/Europe. What's your take?
China, and the rest of the World are under Illuminati control. Don't be fooled by Hong Kong.
Any truth behind anti vax?
Does anyone else notice the growing amount of articles aimed at working class/poor US citizens about the great advantages to 'retiring in a 3rd world country!'. If we live in the greatest country in the world shouldn't it be affordable to live actually live/retire within it's borders?
With all the heavy problems going on in the world right now, I thought this sub could use a laugh. In 2008, Richard Quest, a prominent CNN news personality, was busted at Central Park with meth and rope around his neck which was tied to his genitals.
The Illuminati go back at least as far as ancient Greece, possibly Egypt
BRAZILIAN PRESIDENT should be hung from a tree , Genocidal maniac
Duplicate Pentagon Courtyard found in the Brazilian Rain Forest.
Say No to the “Cashless Future” — and to Cashless Stores
Nuclear Physicist shows 911 involved the use of nuclear weapons to vaporize the twin Towers.
I thought some of you might enjoy this.
"Ever wonder why so many rock stars die in plane crashes?" -Josie and the Pussycats (2001) actually makes sense
Griffin, Georgia: A cop claims his wife, Jessica Boynton, has committed suicide by gunshot. The Georgia Bureau of Investigation concludes that she has successfully committed suicide. Problem: She's still alive today, after waking from a blunt trauma induced coma.
Prince Andrew 'flew on Jeffrey Epstein's 'Lolita Express' private jet with Miss Russia who was jailed on Drug Offenses
How Epstein Got Turned Out By Intelligence Into a Honeypot Operator Like Ex-Trump associate Felix Sater was a globe-trotting 'spy' gave Osama bin Laden's phone number to US- Both Leveraged Into Government Assets After Caught In Crimes
Zero-% interest rates destroyed the economy for the public.
#AmazonFire
Corruption In U.S. Politics Explained (Some Humor)
"So Above So Below" shows up in Joey BadA$$ video....he surely part of that Illuminati Shit
Only thing that makes sense is Demons/ETs are Controlling some Artiest Actions
Is Trump a Time Traveler? Hear me out...
Tell me again how Trump is "fighting the deep state"
Probably nothing but what if the media is just as in the dark as us?
Theory about the petrified tree structures known as mesas/plateaus
Steven Greer - Disclosure Project 2001 - Aliens Secret Technology
Iceberg theory
Term limits advocate lays out case for term limits to senate committee.
Why the Trump connection to Epstein is more interesting than the Clinton one
Video showing footage of Michael Jackson alive completely wiped from the Internet?
Why the Trump/Epstein connection is more interesting than Clinton
Kids are turning into next-gen hippies
Seriously, how much Gold hides the Fed?
Has anyone heard of the UK arresting people for Misgendering?
American media shuts down the Epstein story
Indian Modi Regime Trolls Mass Downvoting The Kashmir Related Threads
The rise of depersonalization/derealization conflictions
My guess is that Andrew Luck will play for the Houston Roughnecks in the XFL.
Why is the media dismissing questions about Jeffrey Epstein’s death as “conspiracy theories”?
Top review for “The Secret Lives and Deaths of CIA Operatives”
Younger Dryas Impact
Anybody noticing these patterns in the sky lately in India? Are those chemtrials in India? I’m confused.
Tulsi Gabbard may not qualify for next debate, even though she's met criteria
Weird ad that popped up on my feed has comments from 9 years ago on it
Forest fire seems unnatural... it’s the oil companies
Milton William (Bill) Cooper's Legacy
Experience smoking weed. Mental illness and theory
Using the 1992 presidential election as his springboard, documentary filmmaker Brian Springer captures the behind-the-scenes maneuverings of politicians and newscasters in the early 1990s. Using 100% unauthorized satellite footage, this is a surreal expose of media-constructed reality.
A quick look at the effects of 5G
The effects of 5G in less than 2 minutes
Got 5G?
Are those chemtrials in India?!
Full unredacted letter from the FBI to Martin Luther King Jr. urging him to commit suicide from 1964
John Lennon/Mark Staycer movie, "Let Him Be"
"Evidence Proves Jeffrey Epstein Was 'MURDERED'" I saw this sorting by "New". Makes some good points. Also, I recommend sorting by "New".
"Evidence Proves Jeffrey Epstein Was 'MURDERED'" I saw this on "New" and almost didn't look at it. Makes some good points.
Dane Wigington - "The Catastrophic Consequences Of Climate Engineering" - A Comprehensive Lecture on Geoengineering. From January 2019 (2:25:38)
For all the Spanish speakers, here' more cases like Epsenstein
Suicide watch
I saved this video on media manipulation and need help finding it after it was deleted everywhere I've looked.
In Bill Coopers book "Behold A Pale Horse" in page 255. He explains the reasons behind mass shootings.
JUST IN: Federal Court Grants Deposition Of Hillary Clinton Under Oath!
What do you guys think?
Gilbert Gottfried tells his version of the dirtiest inside joke told by comedians going back to the vaudeville acts of the 1800's. The entire joke is like the Epstein scandal in a nutshell, only more extreme.
What if the Amazon fire is just a PR stunt by Jeff Bezos so he can sell more Amazon Fire TV products?
The whole media machine seems to be working against Bolsonaro. Ergo, he's not a pedophile, bankster, globalist cult member.
FBI ANON2
"I wouldn't tell you because I have been watchin the news same as everybody else, I seen that cage of his they left him in, I heard about what they all did to him." El Camino really? Come on now. (Epstein was in the same prison as El Chapo right?)
Love Sex Fear Death: The Inside Story of the Process Church of the Final Judgment
Amazon Fire Devices on sale, during Amazon Fire....
Amazon running a sale on Amazon Fire devices, during the Amazon Fire?....Sick Coincidence?
Lets say the whole epstein ring is exposed and the baddies are caught, then what
Amazon tribe wins some lawsuit against Big Oil, and their land is now blazing
Do you as a truther hide your thoughts in front of your friends and family
MSM, Big Tech, ShareBlue, and Congress killed QAnon conspiracy on the Internet. Final Q drop found today by trespassers on Epstein Island - RIP Q.
Special Prosecutor Appointed to Investigate Why Smollett Felony Charges Were Mysteriously Dropped
Bluebirds &amp; artichokes - thedfs
Are the Joan rivers conspiracy theories true? Michelle Obama reveals daughters were conceived by IVF
The Amazon Forest Fires Are Fake News: This Is Normal...It's Still Bad But Happens Every Year
Any good YouTube documentaries or videos that I should watch?
Y\g^
BernieGate 2.0? Gabbard Gutted By DNC's Dubious Debate Dodge
Mass rallies, crazy decisions, grandiose posturing: This is what living in a dictatorship feels like
Where did the money go?
Tammy Lynn Leppert, a beauty queen &amp; upcoming actress, vanished in Florida in 1983. While filming a bloody scene for Scarface shortly before her disappearance, she went into hysterics. She later claimed she saw something she shouldn’t have.
What George Soros thinks of Cryptocurrencies.
Was told to post here.
Did you know? Despite dying 14 years ago, Darren Indyke’s father named on new addresses, also 4 units in Mark Epstein’s 66th St Condos.
Reddit account suspended after posting about the C.I.A
Why don't US diplomats attacked in Cuba ask "HawkEye 360" to use their "satellite RF detection technology" to locate the microwave weaponry that attacked them?
Crazy Theory: Aliens made the hollow moon and a billion years later... life.
The world's longest running sitcom is just another sick joke
😂😂😂😂
Australian Scott Morris wants to Root out Terrorist Content in All Corners of Internet
BOHEMIAN GROVE HUMAN HUNTING PARTIES! (Dress children like teddy bears and hunt them)
If you thought Jeffrey Epstein was bad, look into Jimmy Savile!
The "Born Gay" Hoax
Amazon fire mass hysteria: how it is being overreacted and promoved for political reasons by Macron
Surprised there's very little talk of recession.
While everyone is focused on the Amazon, central Africa is on fire!! (Link to NASA firemap)
This poster in a South Carolina rest stop is a reminder that human trafficking is alive and well in the United States.
A detailed look at the purge of US counterterrorism training by the Obama administration (PDF)
Makes you wonder what kind of technology the government possess that we can't imagine
Does Larry Celona actually exist?
I was combing through all the pics taken at the Lanza home during the Sandy Hook "investigation" and they took a picture of the home phone. This was beside it. For a woman receiving 300K per year in alimony why would she have a past due bill over a year old right beside the phone? Just odd.
If You Think You're Going to be Part of a Revolution, You Might Want to Rethink the Side You're On
The truth is elsewhere and right in front of you
The Loss of Liberty - 2002 Documentary
HELP ME DIG DEEPER after searching for illuminati In YouTube incognito mode you get ads for illuminati websites of some sort like this joinilluminatibrother.com or joinilluminatiforwealth.com it might be some hoax but not sure really.
A thought.
The biggest, most obvious conspiracy on the planet right now (in my opinion).
Thug Life
This vid was posted 7 months ago WTF!?
Ideas to counter brainwashing.
Didn’t know they did this to Indians as well as blacks
ANTIFA are Terrorists
It's not Larry Celona, the reporter, it's Celina Dubin, with her brother, mom, dad, and nanny.
This sub, in itself, be considered a conspiracy.
One of the best threads I’ve seen so far.
Ted Gunderson's presentation on Illuminati, Satanism, Pedophilia, CIA, FBI, Intelligence Deep State shadow government
1981 Hollywood envisioned a crime-ridden America that has converted New York City and Los Angeles into maximum security prisons. Broad Epstein and Maxwell corruption with willing worldwide participants may makes this a necessity.
A interview with a elite insider that talks About the elites plan to reduce the population to 500 million people only and some other very interesting stuff, I highly suggest watching this if you REALLY want to know more about the elite.
Bassed amy 356
Jesuit Chief: “Those who live in a given territory have no right to turn away migrants,” he said, “because they have no absolute right to that territory. They do not own it; the goods of the land are for everyone.”
Could a dopelganger have been used to help Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein appear to have died? There are no news articles checking to see if a DNA test was done on the body.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas vows to invade Jerusalem by the Millions, Uniting Shiite and Sunni against Israel
What happened to Britney Spears?
I think Epstein made his money by selling blackmail to the people we know he's met. He got that blackmail through prostituting underage girls to the people we don't knew he's met. He stayed out of legal trouble by threatening to expose the people who bought blackmail.
Green: stuff that wasn’t reported in uk Yellow: stuff that was. Explain?
Marijuana products are a form of brainwashing.
David Koch: Another Billionaire Dead
Yano, nothing changes. Ya'll self deceivers, can't see what's going on, right in front of you. Do nothing about it. Go to work to EARN a living from your slave masters is the only thing you care about, and you hate it
One of the Biggest Conspiracies is that You Only Imagine that You Exist. But really, there is no "You," There's only an Imagination that Believes it is You
Donald Trump ran for president and won because he owes so much money to highly influencial people. His economic behaviors are his monetary debts being payed.
Katy Groves: Rogue Asset, Sleeper Agent, Or Active Handler?
Robert Maxwell, Ghislaine's father, worked for MI6 AND the KGB. Watch 14:00 to 18:00
Why do they dance
Was Giselle Maxwell Sending a Message of Royal Connection By Clearly Posing With Her Gold Signet on Her left Pinky Finger?
The Century of The Self. How consumer society and modern brainwashing were created.
A reminder that Monsanto and DuPont used nearly $9 million to defeat GMO labelling in Washington.
Part I of ex-marine Ken O’Keefe’s excellent talk on the significance of resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the hidden power structures threatening our world.
France: Chaos consumes G7 protest in Bayonne despite ban
Last month, I felt my heart beating at the center of my chest for the FIRST TIME in my entire life
Geoengineering: 'Plan B' for the planet amid climate emergency
The Police Photoshopped His Mug Shot for a Lineup. He’s Not the Only One.
"The daily press is the evil principle in the modern world. The capacity of the newspaper for degeneration is sophistically without limit, since it can always sink lower and lower in its choice of readers". -Soren Kierkegaard.
Amazon fire also destroying psychedelic plants 🌱
The CIA helped spread crack cocaine in black ghettos for nearly a decade and helped create the modern drug cartel network by funding the biggest Nicaraguan Contra drug dealers.
Hero of Deliberate Israeli Attack on USS Liberty Passes
Upgrade your Israel Activism - Intro to the New Act-IL App
The Truth - Understanding
Why are billionaires, media, academia, environmental movement promoting the enslavement of their citizens who must decarbonize?
Sketch of woman who potentially took Madeleine McCann looks a lot like Ghislaine Maxwelll...
Reporter Digging into Epstein Case Discovers Severed Cat Head on Lawn
Mike Pence Could be Planning a Coup in the White House
Summary of Ken O'Keefe's talk at On the Cusp of Apocalypse.
Taking back the word "Elite".
TI doc dump
Q is a LARP and Psy Op created by Brad Parscale and Jared Kushner
Amazonas fire 2000-2019 (2019 fire position = 20) Total and monthly average 🤔
We Want You!
Saw this on Twitter posted the day after Chester Bennington died. I can't stop thinking about it.
Jeffrey Epstein's Gang Of Groomers For Sex Trafficking
Did Nikola Tesla Create MK Ultra?
Climate Change alarmism is going to be INSANE after this Amazon fire finally dies down.
Masses Manipulation, Inhumane punishment and America's failed war on drugs
Evidence Proves Jeffrey Epstein Was 'MURDERED'
Is the Queen of England dead? #LondonBridge
Ladies and gentlemen, Norm Macdonald
Epstein and the World Wide Pedophile Club We Call Government
Magician David Copperfield is listed on the last page of Epstein's Black Book.
The Climate Prophets Have Spoken!
I thought Palestine never exist.
Front page of the National Enquirer — Looks like Men in Black was right.
Everyone knows China steals are property and designs and yet Companies continue to operate in China. Why does it take a EO and a declaration of emergency to force them to move back home or find alternatives?
"The government would never do that!": Trump Admin Is Considering Using Amazon Echo And Apple Watch To Determine If Citizens Should Own A Gun
Trump declares that he will use the Emergency Economic Powers Act to force US companies to stop manufacturing China.
US plans to open CIA base in Greenland's capital
Epstein and the World Wide Pedophile Club We Call Government
New to Pizzagate? Take a look at this.
#EpsteinMurder: By Larry Celona (The ROYAL LANCER) of Rupert Murdoch's New York Post
Why circumcision?
Prince Andrew Statement On Relationship With Jeffrey Epstein...
Mayday Mysteries
New pedophile island found - "Andy's Pizzeria Pitcairn Island"
Hughley talking about the powers that be. This is with respect to black issues. Nevertheless, he makes some great points.
Two Major Channels BANNED from YouTube Without Warning or Reason
Mayday Mysteries
Algorithms Can Identify You Based Upon As Little As 15 Character Attributes, Wharton Reports
The Pig Trap - Taxicab Depressions
Ghislaine Maxwell talking about her victims 'they’re nothing, these girls. They are trash.'"
Hebrew was invented in the late 19th century, there is nothing ancient about it. Might as well be Esperanto.
Something of a Hollywood Insider With Peripheral Knowledge of DEEPLY CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. The Last AMA Was a Success. What Can We Learn This Time Around? Please, AMA!! All day 8-24!!
In February 2017 Dems rejected informing ICE when an illegal tries to purchase a gun and fails the background check. Gun control for citizens, but not illegals? Pretty telling.
Multiverse Oversight
If you join a terrorist group you can no longer call Canada your home.
Jeffrey Epstein's father possible connection to project bluebird
The New York Post reporter who first broke the news of Epstein's "suicide attempt," his successful "suicide," and the pics of his body — FLEW ON THE LOLITA EXPRESS
Wait hold on something is off
Uptick in reporting on gruesome/violent murders
Where are all the wealthy, elite, powerful and politicians that are NOT compromised? Where are the good guys!?
LIVE: G7 summit gets underway in Biarritz, France: DAY 1 (FEED 2)
US Officials Confirm Israel Behind Unprecedented Airstrikes On Iraq. Why is Israel allowed to conduct unprovoked warfare without consequence?
Theory about the Amazon rain forest burning down.
The EU will attempt to get the US to Sign onto “Charter for an Open, Free, and Safe Internet” this coming Monday to remove so called Hate speech from the Internet. Trump must say no to this censorship
#TheStorm: How to prepare for a global corruption purge?
The Amazon fire hysteria was a artificially made psyop that by coincidence began at 2PM in a Monday, there's almost no photos of 2019 of the so called "incident"
Cartoon explains libertarianism in a easy to understand way
Jeffery Epstein (homicide?), Eugenics, Sandy hook conspiracies Podcast
psa: if ur heart is skipping beats, you need vitamin B1
Ancient Alien-Like Heads Discovered in Croatia
The Real Families, who from behind the scenes, control the World through Religion, Finance, Property, Land, and through control and manipulation of the Markets of the World are the Papal Bloodlines.
In Epstein's Wake: MIT Media Lab, Dirty Money, and Swartz
A Beautiful Site That CNN or the BBC Would Never Show Us...
Rasmussen: As Long as Enemies of the State Keep Dying Before Trial, No One Should Trust the State. Last week, not so much an enemy but a man whose existence had become inconvenient, not exactly to the state but certainly to a cabal of powerful men...
Does Popeyes new chicken sandwich actually exist?
USS Liberty vets banned from American Legion
Trump set to keep children in concentration camps indefinitely while not providing vaccines to defend against preventable diseases
What business does Amazon have in producing a movie based around the 9/11 events (/conspiracy)?
Amazon fire conspiracy
YOU will be amazed by these facts about INDIAN INDEPENDENCE .
Attempted stabbing of Marine Veteran by Antifa
Looking closer at The Simpsons
Don't we all have that friend?
The Ghostbusters Conspiracy
Trump tweets why I love them and why you should too.
[META] Are smart phones making us dumber? We have to talk about real stuff. For how long can we ignore the facts?
Link for an article
Public kept in dark that Ruth Bader Ginsburg had malignant cancer since early July. Yesterday Supreme Court of the United States issued press release on RBG health. Was this test to see how long they can suppress news of her next sickness or death?
The Importance of Feeling Lost TEDx talk by Daniel Wallock
Bank of England head urges replacing US dollar with Libra-like reserve currency, as the existing system has collapsed: “Blithe acceptance of the status quo is misguided. In the longer term, we need to change the game. When change comes, it shouldn’t be to swap one currency hegemon for another."
Spread this to what ever
Occultist John Dee and the creation of the AI control Matrix
The secret of Young Blood
Do you believe the acting of CEO Overstock Patrick Byrne threatening Peter Stzrok and James Comey?
There are no conspiracies
Have you noticed that almost every link making it to the front pages of r/all is a redd.it link? Doesn't it feel like there was a much larger presence of other hosting sites only recently?
The Prince denies all..
Do you think Bush (the government) did 911?
Something very big is going to happen in space
For those who think Patrick Byrne is off his meds here is another interview of him in weird ass clothing and talking in the same tone. The dude is not lying about a group in the FBI forcing their will.
Watch "Cashless Society and the End of Freedom" on YouTube
Brazil’s President Is Behind The Amazon Rainforest Fire
Tick Tock
Hidden in Plain Sight: Explaining The Agenda to Digitize Human Concsiousness
Kashmir Crisis - Opposition delegation sent back from Srinagar airport, media manhandled. What really Modi Regime is trying to hide?
It's all true. There is a New World Order conspiracy; they're keeping secrets from you. And we know what the secrets are. Are you curious?
"Your children, your choice". A great vaccine information video. Lots of facts and statistics to ponder.
What do you guys think about the amazon rain forest burning and it’s effect on climate change and the environment?
This is REAL socialism
14th anniversary of Senator Paul Wellsone's Suspected Assassination
Are we just going to ignore that Elon Musk is going release a chip, to be put into our brains within the next 5 months?
15 Former Spooks Who Work At CNN And MSNBC Now
The Trump Presidency is one giant black-pill, shining a light on everything wrong about the modern world and looming world government. This is why he is so important a figure.
Stumbled on this from 8 1/2 years' ago
Bill Gates Refuses to Explain Why He Flew on “Lolita Express” With Jeffrey Epstein in 2013
A fifty year foreign battle to combat Catholic Liberation Theology in Brazil promises rich rewards for the vested interests which initiated it, at great human cost.
What if zombies don’t eat brains to survive but they eat them because they think if they do then they will get the intelligence that they lost back
How to prepare for Global Corruption
Israel was founded by Zionist Terrorists. Here's a 1945 Palestine wanted poster for Menachem Begin, mastermind of the King David hotel bombing and later 6th Prime minister of Israel and "Nobel Peace prize" winner.
Conspiratorial films
Is the current cause of 'working' homelessness a lack of housing or is it because massive investment firm hoarders &amp; the profiteers of Chinese slave wage labor are buying it up and trying to rent it out at obscene rates?
The Circle - A Story of Protected Nonces (JVF Clique)
Here's a new one: Gay, being Gay and Gay Sex are two different things
My theory...trump is manipulating the market
Fortnite×Minecraft
The Amazon is burning at BELOW AVERAGE RATES
We Want You!
Wikileaks-Member dead
FLAT EARTH TRUTH - 4D Explained and Illustrated. Earth is not a spinning ball but neither is it the pizza ice wall cult.
Rampant Pedophilia in Gay Community: An undercover investigation. [Vulgar Language]
You don't know me but I would like to improve your Reddit experience.
Woman disappears on her way to testify against Child Protective Services! Wtf. I was just hearing how evil they are!
I stumbled across a largely unknown and still unexplained conspiracy while watching Air Crash Investigation. My attention was grabbed when i heard the lead investigators comment on why he was selected to investigate a 'plane crash' which killed the UN Secretary General, Dag Hammardkjold, in 1961.
Kanye Quest 3030 and MamaMax
Musicians/Celebrities Faking Their Own Deaths?
[Meta] Repost......I would like to express my gratitude to having a sub like this and to the mods.
Ex-Nickelodeon Producer Dan Schneider's website has a link to his "Wikipedia Page" - which is actually a mirror website hosted on his own servers, with a fake scrubbed version of his Wikipedia page.
Amazon Fire Linked to Flat Earth
4 hour old account shilling in a very popular post on the Brazilian rain forest fires.
Some new information about 9/11's Todd Beamer...
Buying Greenland
Disney spamming Reddit over the last 24 hours to promote their streaming service?
Is this true
Meet The “Virtuous Pedophile” Network Protected By Twitter The “Minor-Attracted Persons” Movement Is Led By A Canadian Doctor Who Demands A “P” In “LGBT,” And Twitter Is Accommodating Them.
So if you’ve ever asked yourself “Would Bill Gates fly on a convicted pedophile’s private plane?” the answer is a resounding yes
Coincidence? I think not...
Was Michael Jackson Psychic?
William Tompkins SSP whistle blower: Go to 12:24:05
The Amazon isn't "Burning" - It's Being Burned
Just a trend I noticed about the MSM account of Epstein's death and the theories that followed.
Rain Dance to STOMP OUT Fires in Brasil Amazon Forest REAL TALK!! MAKE A DIFFERENCE!!! YOU HAVE THE POWER!!!
red sun radio: alternative research chats - cosmic war
Bill Burr on Meryl Streep
I can’t watch The Simpsons anymore
This is a threat to our democracy. Not her ideology. Her addiction to power &amp; refusal to let go of it.
Giants of Hyperborea
Dave Chappelle's Bird Revelations: How Much A Dollar Cost?
UAE woman seeks divorce claiming her husband is so loving and caring, it is ‘choking’ her
Change of POV
Here is a video of aaron swartz acting out his belief system by downloading millions of court documents from MIT. Not the FBI, but the Secret Service handled the investigation which was followed by his suicide
I believe that the universe is a prison.
What are Jeffery Epstein’s funeral arrangements?? Is he being cremated or buried?!?! If buried I’m sure we could find some lads that would be more than willing to exhume the body for us all !
inter dimensional pedophiles
Just letting you know that there are no doomsday bunkers in NZ, Rising S is fraudulent.
Join us in mass meditation to heal the negative energy created by child ritual sacrifice!
Apple contractors listened to 1,000 Siri recordings per shift, says former employee
The only reason why China suddenly impose 75 billion dollars tariff on USA is because Xi Jinping also thinks he is 2nd coming of God, the reincarnation of Buddha.
Why Canada Never Join The American Revolution
[Photo Analysis] AG Bill Barr Spotted in Window Reflection in Julian Assange Arrest Photo! Look!
Just letting you know there are no doomsday bunkers, Rising S is fraudulent.
Dr. Oz Sandy Hook Interview
Security Cameras, Mass Surveillance &amp; You
Go back and watch Dave Chappelle: The Bird Revelation on Netflix.
David Koch is in Epstein's black book. How many more big names in that little book should we expect to conveniently "pass away" in the next few months?
Epstein in his final moments..
All Taco Bell hot sauce is the same flavor with different names
Tweaking Overstock CEO in BIZARRE TV appearance claims he was told by FBI goons to bed Russian? Why would he be taking orders from FBI and Peter Strok like he’s their Employee?
"Non-existent basement" video, and video where Alefantis threatens the video maker. I realize these vids aren't brand new but I'm pretty new to the topic.
President Bill Clinton at McDonald's - SNL - Interesting final 🍕Pizza Punchline🍕? Did they know something we didn’t?
Who is the person reflected in the window? This picture from when Assange was arrested.
Just found this which is allegedly a copy of Jeffrey Epstein’s will — has this been seen here yet?
An Overview of Earth's Current Situation: The AI Matrix Vampiric Enslavement System and the Fall of Gaia
Disney = Al Qaeda VICE "How Al Qaeda Continues to Stay Relevant | TERROR" This is VICE ∴ Disney ∴ Al Qaeda PROPAGANDA!!! NOT EVEN HIDING IT
The Rulers vs The Ruled
"simpsons did it" again- the chemosphere and sexual deviants in Hollywood
Minesweeper is earily similar to how a nuclear reactors shield goes off, and minesweeper came out in 1960s and Chernobyl happened in 1986( around that time)
Epstein, broken bones, and a medical examiner, questions no one is asking.
Rain dance?
Amazon fire political manipulation
What if David Koch was on Epstein's list and he was about to talk.
Never figured out how they managed to convince people globalism is good.
Great St James Island: time-lapses from historical imagery of Google Maps
Finally, a youtuber did a documentary on Epstein. Pretty short, but informative for such a short video. Good for anyone who needs a summary of everything thats going on.
A Lesson in Focus
This is the most convoluted media report ive seen this month. Its in relation to Matt Groening (writer of the Simpsons) being named on Jeffrey Epsteins "pedo list". The tweets they are sharing also refer to Micheal Jackson as an innocent man?? Talk about muddying the waters!
What is this about "QAnon"? Something to undermine the legitimacy of conspiracy theories?
I wonder what the intense and sudden media coverage of the Amazon fire is working as a distraction for
Bill Cooper warned people about a false flag attack on America which would be blamed on Osama Bin Laden a couple of months before 9/11. Soon after, he was shot to death on 11/05/01.
The Real Reasons Why The Media Is Suddenly Admitting To The Recession Threat
Donald made a deal with Kim Jong Un to have first strike against China. Aliens can time travel and are here just to watch the show.
Earth's lungs are on fire and the world will do nothing but watch; it's environmental genocide!
Found a good video on YouTube about the "non-existent basement" at ping pong that I'd like to share but I'm worried that by sending ppl there, someone will have it reported and deleted. What should I do?
The Nazi Underground—Revealed!
Is The NY Times Preparing Us for a Camp of the Saints Experience?
Alert : we have a mass influx of new people after Epstein, and imo the brigade is out of control here ..
r/conspiracy doesn't show up on my home page anymore, is this the case for anyone else?
An interesting read about Bernie Mac... Killed because he was about to expose the Adrenochrome ring
Trump Admin is considering using Amazon Echo and Apple Watch to determine if citizens should own a gun
AUSCANNZUKUS 👁👁👁👁👁 Based Jim Lee letting us all know who’s watching.... QuiteFrankly is one of the best right now.
I now understand what 'Make America Great Again' means
Thought this belonged here.
NGF REVEALS dinosaur size LIES. How far back does this conspiracy go? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9XISVIhv6U
AUSCANNZUKUS 👁👁👁👁👁
Trump is the TRUE virgin birth son of Mary, not Jesus. Here's proof!
Woman disappears on her way to testify against Child Protective Services! Wtf. I was just hearing how evil they are!
Clinton’s have something to do with the Rainforest fire as a means of distraction?
Descriptions of 10 Secret Space Programs gathered from various insider testimonies.
Bill Cooper warned people about a false flag attack on America which would be blamed on Osama Bin Laden a couple of months before 9/11. Soon after, he was shot to death on 11/05/01.
More Wildfires Are Burning In Angola &amp; Congo Than Brazil
Long Before Epstein: Sex Traffickers &amp;amp; Spy Agencies
I hope no one finds me
Epstein weird building resembles Moroccan bath house ( back then’s Brothel )
10 declassified Russia collusion revelations that could rock Washington this fall
They're defending Prince Andrew now.
Insouciant white people have no awareness of the extent of their demonization
The powers above are burning the amazon to further spread climate change agenda
If James Sears didn’t exist, CSIS would have to invent him
"Why won't anyone say they are Jewish?". Interesting article from Adbusters, 2004. If you google the 50 names you get some surprising results, like a Mossad agent.
We Are All Conspiracy Theorists Now - Taki's Magazine
These 10 Declassified Revelations Could Rock Washington This Fall
Bill Gates was connected to Epstein not because he’s a pedo, but rather the eugenics thing
Former Senator Pete McCLoskey: I Was Inside Bohemian Grove
What if mass-shootings are the governments new way of killing people who know too much?
9/11, real terrorist attack or inside job?
What if mass-shootings are the governments new way of killing people who know too much?
The tensions with Iran are growing, I have a feeling the Adrian Darya 1 will be seized (as threatened by the US)
The tensions with Iran are growing, I have a feeling the Adrian Darya 1 will be seized (as threatened by the US)
Trump Mulling 'Uniquely Dystopian' Proposal to Use AI to Identify Mental Health Issues as Risk Factors for Gun Violence
Suspicious shit is happening!
Private company ATAC (pronounced "attack") buys 3rd gen fighter jets second hand, then refurbishes and upgrades them to mimic 4th gen fighter jets. But what is the end state of a small private air force?
what if PE is being used to systematically kill people the government deems useless by overworking them in PE leading to a heat stroke or exhaustion?
For those upset about the big epstein story dying away...
Can we just stop pretending we are actually going to avoid this climate catastrophe.
It seems like every day I'm seeing a video of an explosion that just happened. Why that be?
The sentiment of this couldn’t be more true
New Update: Court just Releases Additional Discovery and Witnesses on Hillary Clinton Email Scandal
ALERT! NEW PLAN Just Launched Demands ALL-OUT Gun CONFISCATION
London False Flag Alert: Subliminal Whisperings of August 26th 2019
The Khazarian Bolshevik Hypothesis
Ruth Bader Ginsburg latest cancer scare was detected early July. Supreme Court of the United States issued press release on RBG health today. Was this a test to see how long they can suppress news of her next sickness or death?
Nassim Taleb: IQ is largely a pseudoscientific swindle
"IQ is largely a pseudoscientific swindle"
See how Arab intellectuals discuss
The TOP SECRET Operation JFK REFUSED To DO! (Operation Northwoods)
Princess Diana &amp; Ondine Rothschild?
Minimum wage isnt enough to pay rent anywhere
What exactly is a Mossad Asset?
Former U.S. Attorney Dan Webb named special prosecutor to look into Jussie Smollett case
A major propaganda campaign about "increased fiscal spending" has just started.
Salvia is only legal because it's almost impossible to have a positive experience on it
Exposing How Capitalism Puts Working People Against Each Other!
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has not been seen in public since late 2018 and she no longer show up to work
Anonymous groups...?
Jussie Smollett case: Dan Webb appointed special prosecutor in 'Empire' actor's case
They are all somebody's daughters
Remember when Dick Cheney shot that lawyer in the face on a "quail hunt" in 2006? In 2014, a mass grave was found about 37 miles from there.
Epstein's Corpse Could Blackmail the World's Billionaires Into Saving the Amazon
XPost /r/C_S_T (2016): Aaron Swartz didn't just pull JSTOR's papers, but rather the entire MIT network which included numerous professors satanic kiddie porn and sensitive information.
Actual Nazi Arnold Schwarzenegger Criticizes "Alt-Right Neo-Nazis" [LAUGHABLE!]
Xpost /r/C_S_T: (2016) Aaron Swartz didn't just pull JSTOR's papers, but rather the entire MIT network which included numerous professors satanic kiddie porn and sensitive information.
Remember when Dick Cheney shot that lawyer in the face on a "quail hunt" in 2006? In 2014, a mass grave was found about 37 miles from there.
The ending of Spider-Man: Homecoming was the producers way of telling the audience that it would be dropped from the MCU
Canadian Cannabis Conspiracy
Interesting hand gesture, Penny Stewart ....
Two degrees from Otto Skorzeny. How come the money man behind George Lincoln Rockwell (founder of neo-Nazi movement) does not show up in the millions of JFK files hosted by maryferrell.org database/website? And other Strangeness
Abuse in Hollywood (
Your reality/consciousness/imagination is "just" a simulation and here's why..
According to NASA satellites pictures, this year Amazon fire is below average rates
Even as an epidemic of painkiller abuse was blamed for record numbers of overdoses and reduced life expectancy, the nation’s largest opioid distributors, their subsidiaries, and employees gave more than $23 million in campaign contributions to federal candidates over the last decade.
Avengers gameplay, Golden gate bridge bombings.
Rusty uploaded a few new videos of the big island in the last few hours. I slowed the video down as he spent some time on this creepy cove. Am I just seeing things or is this some type of eye carving in this rock?
Yes, the Kinect Was Spying on You and You Were Right Once Again
Screenshot of one of my favorite music reaction YouTube channels. Thought his idea might be something folk here could relate to?
Episode 1 Podcast Would you stay in the Matrix - fixed audio
What were the foot massages all about? Is that meant to be a euphemism? I don’t get it.
Not suspicious at all
You thought the kavenaugh confirmation was brutual... just wait until RBG keals.. then we will see some proper kvetching.
Lawyer Investigating Sandy Hook
How To Bury A Story - James Corbett on his Propaganda Watch podcast
French officials probing whether Jeffrey Epstein committed sex crimes there
Media highlights of Patriots and Antifa rally in Portland 8/17/19
Feds Subpoena 20 Officers at Prison Where Jeffrey Epstein Died
The Great Year time scale, Earth's 25,800 year wobble, and the constellations. That may sound ridiculous... This tiny channel lays down some serious evidence. Give it a watch. I want to hear your thoughts.
Trump Calls Himself ‘The Chosen One’ To Take On China
Sweden Feuds With Hungary Over Pro-Family Policies
Fuck you and your sub [censorship by the conspiratards? LOL OK]
I think its about time we loop back around to ole ted gundy no?
I've got a theory. Jeffrey Epstein has gone into witness protection and faked his death. This would explain why so many fishy things have taken place, and why photos of Epstein's corpse haven't been leaked.
#JohnBolton va efectua o vizita la Chisinau-John Bolton will visit Chisinau
USS Liberty Veterans banned forever from Am Legion Nat'l Convention. American Legion National Convention. June 8, 1967, 34 American servicemen were killed and 174 were wounded during an Israeli attack on the USS Liberty.
The Most Powerful Way To Manifest What You Want
Utopias
Somebody even ear about the "kitty acustic" proyect?
Why are the policemen in Norway have masonic black and white checkers as reflex on their uniforms?
Where does Qanon post drops now?
Part 4 is here! From “Spook Air” to the “Lolita Express”: The Genesis and Evolution of the Jeffrey Epstein-Bill Clinton Relationship
Aliens are Us from the Future
I was walking home and dozens of seemingly unrelated strangers were making noises and doing unnatural things to purposefully make me go literally insane. What happened and why?
Can't believe everything you see and the mass spread of disinformation.
Facebook is censoring pages that are posting about the Amazon fires.
This guy explainshow amazon fire was started and exposed who was behind it simple?
The way SS eyes light up when she is lying. Second top Trump official, direct to Fox. Hope Hicks is VP of comms at Fox.
Seriously, how much gold hides the Fed?
Former top FBI official Andrew McCabe, who sparred with Trump, is joining CNN as a contributor
While everyone is talking about the Amazon being on fire, so is the Arctic. This is the end of times.
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 3/?
Random thought, how long until Patrick Byrne is silenced?
Jeffrey Epstein took 'underage-looking girl' on board Donald Trump's private plane in 2000
Body Language: Political Espionage Overstock.com CEO Patrick Byrne
Epstein donated $6.5 million to Harvard University's Evolutionary Dynamics program in 2003. Harvard has not commented on the donation.
Is David Geffen the next Jeffery Epstein? "How David Geffen's Yacht Photos Became a "Status Thing" in Hollywood …"
How did we ever get to this point?
A Must Watch: Conspiracy Theorist Max Spiers (assassinated...) mentions in an interview how humanity is going to continue pushing away the truth because we don't want to accept it. 34:12 "I mean, even with the child abuse. It's right in everyone's faces now. They'll keep brushing it off...(cont)
I wrote a report on the rampant destruction of the Amazon when I was 10 (in 1992). But hey, blame it on Trump, or the "Trump of Brasil", or whatever other nonsense talking point you are being fed by people who are intentionally making you dumber.
All right enough bullshit, here’s how you can actually save the rainforest.
Caught With Kids!
Just a question; does anyone else get the idea that the Royals are the true top of the chain in charge group of people in this world?
U.K. proposal to ‘Bcc’ law enforcement on messaging apps threatens global privacy.
Was Aaron Swartz Killed By An MIT Satanic Child Porn Ring?
A recession is coming! A recession is coming!
[META] The next one to go is king pin Andrew. Pronce andrew is more involved in the epstein than we believe.
Whistleblower gives House evidence of "inappropriate conduct" on Trump tax returns
Donald Trump just ordered American companies to seek alternatives to working with China.
Leaked documents on Brazilian president setting the amazon on fire on purpose.
More of this
Trump Escorts
Is really weird, is like they don’t care what the people think. Same with Epstein “suicide” they are being too obvious.
Ex-Overstock CEO Patrick Byrne says he got 'fishy' orders from Peter Strzok; former acting AG unsure of claims
Is the amazon really on fire?
The Silent, Deliberate Thawing of I.C.E. (And Globalist Takeover)
Im trying to start a secret society.
The ranch were judge Scalia supposedly committed suicide or more likely was murdered nicknamed "RENT BOY RANCH" in Texas, look into the owner Poindexter he has ties to Epstien, these people are sick another honey trap using kids
The fact that gold has value is the biggest conspiracy ever
U.S.-UK Deep State Tries to Grab Hong Kong
Another point of view on the Amazon Fire.
Epstein Unredacted Little Black Book file removed from my drive
Don Jr. met Kremlin spy at NRA convention in 2015.
DOJ Bringing the Hammer Down on JPMorgan/Chase MANIPULATION of Gold/Silver/Metals: "JP Morgan Bankster pleads guilty to 'spoofing,' is cooperating with Feds" Admits to Illegal Trading Activity over course of 9 Years!
9-11 cyber attack?
Overstock.com CEO Comments on Deep State (August 12, 2019)
Naomi Campbell sure hangs out with a lot of interesting people...
“And yet, like all things, love too has a hidden side that we’d rather tell ourselves isn’t really there at all... There’s an insidious stranger who influences the choices you make and beliefs you hold in ways you’d rather not think about too much.”
Solution to Israel
Amazon Fire - Could it be to destroy the undiscovered history?
This is a Simpsons episode from 2011
The US Treasury REALLY does not want to honour this FOIA request relating to the Treasury's gold storage records
This video illuminates some of the evil in the Art world - the video itself is a one-of-a-kind work of Art , And ought to be viewed as both a warning , and as an eye opening piece of underground art. #pizzagate #art #predator #monster #trump #liar #pedophile
Jeffrey Epstein [reportedly] buried in unmarked tomb next to parents with all names wiped off
What a Nobel Peace Prize, the Federal Reserve, and endless war have in common: The same banks that got us into the 2008-2009 recession exist because the Fed helped bail them out. The US isn’t going to voluntarily end the Fed any more than it will pull out of all its wars and overseas interventions.
President Trump Asks If the Federal Reserve is a Bigger Enemy Than China!
NBC News says "Heterosexuality isn't working." And is oppressing women. Proof? Epstein, Mass Shootings and Miley Cyrus 🤦‍♂️
A billionaire has passed
How Amazon and Silicon Valley Seduced the Pentagon: Tech moguls like Jeff Bezos and Eric Schmidt have gotten unprecedented access to the Pentagon. And one whistleblower who raised flags has paid the price.
Circumcision is a trauma-based mind control technique.
The Amazon is burning out of control .. or is it?
Dash cam footage of Isaac Kappy sitting on the bridge before he dies. He looks already dead.
President of the United States said the FED is an enemy and asked if it's a bigger enemy than China !!!!!
Thought Experiment and question:
Rothschild, Central Banks Conspiracy Theory Sources
Media control at its finest
Leslie Wexner's OSU professor Arthur Cullman was also chosen by Wexner to sit on board of The Limited. Cullman a pedo?
Lancaster “Sniper” vs. What really happened
Did you know a people exists, in the Amazon Rainforest, that has NO concept or worry or depression, NO mental illness, NO suicide, NO creation myth and practically NO coercion or hierarchy?
When will the world wake up regarding Epstein?
Grand Jury Subpoenas Issued for up to 20 Officers at NYC Prison Where Epstein Died: Several witnesses "were not cooperative," and had "required having union representatives and lawyers" before being interviewed
Anonymous: Bill Clinton Pedophile Sex Tape Filmed By Jeffrey Epstein!
David Koch dead, 4th U.S. billionaire dead in 2 month span.
Your vote means nothing
The Media's Puppet Master
Claim that China is using reddit to brainwash and control information = 1000's of upvotes because it is a logical and mainstream opinion. Claim that US/Western governments have been doing the same thing on reddit for over 10 years = downvotes for being a stupid conspiracy theorist.
NEW BREATHTAKING FOOTAGE PROOFS earth is flat. America, Greenland and Europe visible
I know many people are feeling powerless and enraged, especially those who are new to conspiracies from the Epstein scandal. This is my message to you.
What if these billionaires aren't dying but actually faking their deaths and retreating underground?
I guess Voat is gone forever then?
Obama Correspondent's Dinner transcript excerpts of interest as sourced from the Washington Post
Emails Show Monsanto/Bayer Orchestrated GOP Effort to Intimidate Cancer Researchers.
Taliban's top spokesman says 'al-Qaeda was not the perpetrator of the attacks on Sept. 11, 2001'
What did he done this time?
This YouTube premium “children’s” content..
The Amazon fires were started by cattle farmers and are blaming climate change to cover their tracks
Considering it's been going on for a while, the news about the Amazon burning was suspiciously intense yesterday, I wonder what else happened yesterday?....
Amazon rainforest fire misinformation
Emails Show Monsanto Orchestrated GOP Effort to Intimidate Cancer Researchers
Silence
"Are we there yet?" Sadly, yes, yes we are.
International call was being recorded
This just showed up on my Hulu feed. Who is the target audience here ?
Bernie finally declares war on neoliberal fascists who destroy the planet
Laura Silsby Gayler, Former Clinton Foundation associate and child trafficker, is no longer listed on Alert Sense’s website. The company contracts with local, state, and national government on Amber Alerts
This person is using two accounts to push a right wing agenda and my account is fully suspended from Reddit for calling them a troll. Reddit showing its true colours...
I just had a thought, its a terrible disaster, but how strange is the timing of the Amazon Rain-forest fires a few weeks after Epstein's Suicide, I remember everyone I know was saying there was going to be a huge event that would make people forget about it... is this it?
George Galloway: 'Ghislaine Maxwell is Mossad informer and was Epstein's handler'.
Pretty fishy
David Koch dead at 79
Amazon fires: Bolsonaro actively trying to devastate rainforest, leaked documents show
Prince Andrew was seen getting foot massage from young woman at Epstein's apartment – report
Tulsi Gabbard Being Rigged Out of the Primary? with Guest Niko House
Why did Epstein wait until after his first suicide attempt to create his will?
Well Reddit is now Auto Banning people from subs for posting in watchredditdie. Beware anyone who posts there, you’ll get banned. Just like myself.
Is climate change a hoax?
Not wildfires man made arsonists money over everything is the society we have let take over by are silence, we don’t want to rock are own boats is the reason why we do nothing
Tulsi Gabbard Being Rigged Out of the Primary? with Guest Niko House
What will happen if I post this in the (very nice) /r/Epstein ?
Another "earthquake" at US base China Lake.
The surrealistic terms of use of the Apple Card
Pretty fishy
So when I googled "amazon fire" 3-4 days ago it was showing tablets in result...seems to be fixed now.
2,310 and counting, conflicts of interest that have been uncovered for the President of the United States
A conspiracy based community
The "Extinction Rebellion (XR)" acts in concert with space aliens
The neocolonial movement "Extinction Rebellion (XR)" acts in concert with space aliens
Is this true with respect to the Epstein Case?
Don't you find it odd that there is no video footage at all of Jeff Epstein in jail???
Don't you find it odd that there is no video footage at all of Jeff Epstein in jail at all
Has anyone heard of these Orgone Boxes? any evidence to say maybe theyre legit?
Disney's Endgame
What if the anti-china posts on Reddit are made by and for Tencent analytics?
Why do people label conspiracy theorist far right conservatives?
A new candidate has joined the US 2020 election!
Is the un shady?
Q = DynCorp = In-Q-tel = SpaceX = Tesla being sued by WalMart
Tolkien and Orwell
Tulsi Gabbard most searched candidate on Google after both debates &amp; received more than enough donations to satisfy DNC inital stated requirements to participate in September debate. DNC disqualifies approved poll showing she has met requirements &amp; eliminating her from Sept debates.
Killer Chickens
Amazon insurance?
Genetics &amp; DNA testing companies - who here trusts them?
Ok...my fucking phone is reading my brainwaves...I’m not even embarrassed I’m pissed...I’ve not spoken this out loud but I’ve thought about it for the past week and a half...this is the first time I’ve EVER seen this ad, HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?!!?
If you have to overthrow a government with a long/past history of corruption and suppressing protestors with the devil you are doing something wrong.
UFO exiting the sun?
How do commercials always seem to be targeted at you no matter where they play?
Epstein's Victims' Lawyer Who Predicted Epstein Would Not Live to Make Trial Now Claims He was Murdered After Receiving New Information From a Confidential Prison Worker that Suicide was 'Unlikely'
A Terrifying Reality
A TERRIFYING REALITY
Did the royal family fly a budget airline?
Theory: "They" started, or started covering the Amazon fires to purge Epstein out of the forefront of our minds.
What are we gonna do if the Clintons and a large percentage of the elite do go down? What then? In this scenario, I guess Trump makes it out and becomes a hero. What then?
Not only is the Amazon on fire, but also the Arctic
Prince Andrew was seen getting foot massage from young woman at Epstein's apartment
Amazon Fire Linked to Lawsuit on Big Oil
Hollywood’s fashion camp for kids aged 6 to 18
Compare his sentance to Epsteins.
News
Approximately 36 Department of Defense staff read email about [USWGO] Brian D. Hill’s plight
How do we have so much water to supply us all?
Does anyone else get water spots on their wooden desks? I think this is an indicator of chemical residue.
Serial killer kept in custody by FBI for over a year and a half and FBI tried to keep a secret after he had been killing for over 14 years
What the MSM don't tell you is the plane was full of their friends and family and was flown by a pilot trained in MI6
It over
Can someone give me a rundown about the Jeffery Epstein scandal?
(Meta) this is very meta.
This title is the submission statement. People in this thread should discuss why China is upset at the recent protest...as in conspiracy theory topics due to this being a conspiracy sub. (Happy mods?)
Pretty much.
I am adamant there is conspiracy in the Amazon fires. Probably just another corporate gain but who knows. Personal opinion in SS
The occult significance of Fall
Watch for a stock market crash on Monday
Discuss how can China be upset at all these protesters with such a cute leader?
What are your thoughts on God?
Getting eye exams at Walmart creeps me out
A concise examination of Antarctica Conspiracies [36:03]
Modern cars have difficult to determine edges (from driver’s seat). What if cars are made that way so small dings happen often thereby requiring new panels and parts thereby ensuring continued revenue.
Patrick Byrne's statement combining FBI and Mass Shootings is terrifying. "After orders from Peter Strzok...somebody drives 600 miles to gun down 20 strangers in a mall...I guess I feel...Responsible."
Avicii "For a Better Day" music video, depicting child trafficking, closely ressembles Epstein and his supposed cause of death in jail in its last scene.
We can't trust everything we're told.
Newcomer Beginner
Someone Get Alex Jones and the CEO of Overstock on Rogan ASAP
Is the CEO/Founder who just resigned from Overstock crazy or is he being used to push some narrative?
If I had ever been on Epstein's plane or been to his homes, I'd be desperate for the story to fizzle out. And he had a LOT of people on his plane or in his homes.
This all seems to run so much deeper than what we see
The Jewish Elite see Neo-Paganism and Indo-Europeanism as a threat
Is Black magic real?? Can demons be summoned?
YouTube shuts down 210 channels posting about Hong Kong
Not sure what to make of this. Is this Isaac Kappy on the bridge before he was pushed? Photoshop? Someone else? I can't tell on my tiny phone, but it was a recommended video so I thought I'd share.
Rick and Morty and the Intelligence Behind the Series
Two Weeks Ago, A Small Brazilian Newspaper Reported That Farmers Were Planning A ‘Day Of Fire’ In The Amazon. What is going on down there? I'm curious to see how the rest of this information comes to light in the MSM, which angle are they going to take.
Who is spiking vaping pods to cause injury to make ban possible saving revenue stream of tobacco tax?
Wow claims fire was set in Amazon and wants the world to know about it.
Theory: Donald Trump was subjected to MKUltra at some time in his early years
Some thoughts about the left’s concerns over the rise of “alt-right Nazis”
The end is nigh.
Remove your emotions and wake up from this bubble of manipulation! Find your truth!
Anyone find the sudden increase of people threatening to shoot people a little weird?
The Herodian Mind; Tracing the world's powers of authority and mindset.
The mob mass flags your content and then revels in your silencing. Reddit is part of the firing squad.
The mob mass flag your content and then revel in your silencing. Reddit is part of the firing squad.
What if these fires are to accelerate global warming so Antarctica becomes new land = new power?
What's going on with this picture? I've seen it floating around but haven't got much context.
Disaster Capitalism
The top post on Google right now about the Amazon rainforest burning. Wtf. It talks about how to live sustainably. Wtf. Your/EVERYONE'S main oxygen source is on fire at record numbers NOW! Full article in the comments along with another about foul play. Repulison at its grandest.
Banned from /r/showerthoughts in 3, 2, 1...
Sean Ono Lennon - It is becoming clear to me that the degree to which one is offended is inversely proportional to one’s IQ.
They removed another Tianamen square post from r/pics
Tucker Carlson: the truth about the koch bros and censorship
The Herodian Mind; Tracing the world's powers of authority and mindset
Anyone else disgusted about how fast the media/everyone forgot about Epstein after his death?
Great minds of Reddit...a question for all of us. Why are some people susceptible to MSM brainwashing and others are not?
Do you believe that the Amazonian fires were purposely started to protest forest tribe's winning a lawsuit against big oil?
There is No Rationalization for Paedophilia Sympathy Propaganda
MANDELA EFFECT: song I used to sing no longer exists, please tell me I'm not crazy.
What is the conspiracy about half the east of the US getting sunk?
Overstock CEO Resigns over Trump Russia Collusion Scandal. WTAF Is Going on Here?
“Most whites do not deserve our dialogue and do not deserve being acknowledged eye-to-eye. Most whites proclaim ‘We do not care about you!!!!’”. IS THIS THE MOST RACIST WOMAN ON TWITTER? Every single one of her tweets is like this. BALTIMORE’S FINEST! Dw guys it’s only a social experiment! /s
The top hit on Google right now about the Amazon rainforest burning. Wtf. The article talks about how to live sustainably. Wtf. The majority of our planet's oxygen comes from the Amazon that's burning now! In comments is article pasted and link to rumors of foul play.
Rusty w a new Drop, "Epstein's Pedophile Island, Little St. James USVI Drone 8/20/19" on YouTube
The best alien video ever!
So correct me if I am wrong.
Humans are the aliens.
Was the chicken sandwich introduced to distract us👀
Why do so many people on this sub allow the MSM to direct their attention so easily?
pooy nigger
I’m just saying. I called it the day Trump made those asinine comments and the shills didn’t let it get out of New. But you can’t tell me that “Buy Greenland” shit didn’t work and the Epstein thing conveniently dropped off the news
It may come across as obvious to the majority of this sub, but after seeing the growth from Epstein awakening it might be a good reminder and a way for people to take action in easy ways: If you are uncomfortable with big tech profiting from your data, add this extension. Change starts small friends
BOil
Michio Kaku- Controlling the weather. ‘In the 60’s the CIA used this to bring down monsoons during the Vietnam War.’
Koch And Soros Unite To Censor The Internet. They're all on the same team and it isn't yours.
Some people think this Philadelphia police offer sprayed himself with fake blood during the shooting - I just noticed something odd about the video
are they?
The Amazon Forest fires and Big Oil
Theory: Sony and Marvel failing to renew their contract for Spider-Man was a ploy to create drama and controversy around the Spider-Man IP, increasing their sales for Far From Home.
What is Q and how did the WWG1WGA hashtag start?
Feds Subpoena Employees at Jail Where Jeffrey Epstein Killed Himself
Trump wants all the ice
Why suddendly the Amazon rainforest became a global concern? (Merkel/Soros/NGOs)
Spielberg's Hoax - The Last Days of the Big Lie (2009)
Why suddendly the Amazon rainforest became a global concern? (Merkel/Soros/NGOs)
Has voat.com been completely taken offline??
Storm Area 51 - Is there a second location?
Whether it's Gwen Stefani &amp; Akon, Hayley Williams &amp; Bobby Ray Simmons Jr., or Taylor Swift &amp; Christian Owens, The Agenda is Clear. These marketing campaigns fool the sheep to believe that interracial relationships are okay. This cannot be farther from the truth. Tread lightly.
Examples of Simpson predictive programming?
Ramping up the normalization of pedophile protection and sympathy
Didn’t help :/
"How do we save this fucking planet?" - r/askreddit thread removed
Tried to submit a post to a sub I rarely post to. Haven't posted or commented in over twelve hours and I get a message you're doing that too much try again in 8 minutes. What is going on?
WTC7 - The Reporter Who Saw It All
Overstock CEO resigns after ‘deep state’ comments
Overstock CEO resigns and speaks out
Targeted advertising question/discovery(?)
Overstock CEO
Overstock CEO was ordered by Peter Strzok, senior level Bureau Officials, and other higher up Senior Officials to engage in political espionage, political blackmail, and an affair with Maria Butina
Judge Jeanine on Epstein: Neck Bones Break When Someone Strangles You
Amazon fires psychological warfare
NY Times Forms the Ministry of Information
Hmmm
We Are All Conspiracy Theorists Now
Fiona Barnett talks about Satanic rings in Hollywood
Will the 2020 Election feature topics such as child trafficking and ritual human sacrifice?
The Amazon coverage is meant to distract us from Epstein and draw the news cycle away from him
How to prepare for the coming global corruption purge
Trump's pursuit of Greenland.
Seeking info on satanic cults and “Adrenochrome”
Theory: The fires in the Amazon is a large scale, secret marketing campain for the Amazon Fire.
Are NASA involved in false flags?
Was it just me or did the Spider Man memes completely stop once there was bad press for Disney?
Are they?
SEARCHING FOR INFO
Why place the Warden on Administrative leave?
JOE ROGAN DUMPED ME
Massive "Alien Face" Structure Found In Antarctica Via Google Maps, thoughts?
The Intercept's Brazil Archive - Leaked Documents Showing how they Framed the Country's Most Popular Leader for Corruption + Other Members of his Party
Ghislaine Maxwell offering a Trade???
Realization: Religion And Esoteric Cults Two Sides Of Same Coin (Short Version)
What is going on with the former Overstock CEO? Are you guys seeing this?
If the US military was really for national security and not imperialism, we'd be at war with Brazil and not Afghanistan.
Rahiem
Little St James Island: time-lapses from historical imagery of Google Maps
Be prepared to lose your heroes
Was Jesus made up to distract us from our alien origins and forgo evolutionary ascension? Any books or documentaries prove Jesus and God are benevolent?
The Thing from 1982, Stranger Things and Dr. Strange are all connected... because of Aliens.
“Jew Me Sue Me Everybody Do Me, Kick Me Kike Me Don’t You Black Or White Me” -Michael Jackson
Do TPTB like when we all are arguing about the cause of climate change or whether it exists or not?
Nintendo of America confirming Odyssey 2 or Mario Sunshine? HMMM
Has anyone heard anything about this? Should we be worried?
Visa of alleged 9/11 hijacker Satam al-Suqami
What are some examples in history (any period) that you believe were population control attempts?
Was Hitler a conspiracist and the greatest fighter against the NWO?
Brazilian President Bolsonaro suspects NGOs started Amazon wildfires after cutting their funding
The Science of Government Founded on Natural Law - 1841 - Clinton Roosevelt (Harvard archive)
The Secret Symbolism of Midsommar (2019)
Wow there’s so much to life it’s so fun to think the depths of the universe your mind is literally a definition
Are dragons just time travelling jet planes?
Phoenix speaks out: Ritually abused at elite London school
The lung of the earth.
Post about Verizon has disappeared from r/mildlyinfuriating with 14k upvotes and multiple awards!
Can someone explain why celebrities, politicians etc worship the devil and take part in rituals/sacrifices
Vaping
Where do the seized funds/property go?
Wait for it... Seems that China is up to something
Epstein had ties to MIT (according to former professor). Did Aaron Swartz (Reddit co-founder who was found suicided) find out about this when he tried breaking into the MIT network?
Any link between Jeffrey Epstein and Harvey Weinstein?
What do you guys think about the Amazon suddenly burning down a month after this ?
‘Killer Coke’, site about assassinations ordered by Coca Cola
What’s really happening in the Amazon?
Amazon fire: Blazes ‘Linked To A Tribe’s Successful Lawsuit Against Big Oil’
The claim that everyone seems to mention is that the amazon puts out 20% of our oxygen. It's simply not true, because of decomposition.
Amazon fire: Blazes ‘linked to a tribe’s successful lawsuit against big oil’ | World | News
I've been struggling with the guilt of paying income taxes while it's used for war.... I'm sure others do too so here are some resources I've found
Does any think that Amazon fire are distraction to Epstein?
Do you believe Bob Lazar?
Another victim of the global MIC - punished for exposing war crimes
Postscript to 1) posted here re: Epstein (+8 now), 2) x-post to r/Ep deleted 2x (??): My r/conspiracy post links to 166-page pdf at libgen; title of my libgen upload was truncated after 6 words. ?? (Details &amp; link in comments.)
Brazil has 98% of all the niobium reserves in the world. 21% of brazilian niobium is in the AMAZON RAINFOREST.
Asma Al-Assad: How Western Media Turned “A Rose in the Desert” into “A Cheerleader for Evil”
A chef from Grand Central Cipriani was found dead, wasn't that a favorite hunting ground for Weinstein?
Its a meme but its true
Remember how the simpsons had an episode about 9/11 and an episode when Trump became president years before it happened? its cuz ya boy was gettin his foot rubbed at epstein island the whole time
Just a coincidence
I want to talk about Matt Groening from a slightly different angle - the control the elites use to manipulate each other
More Pics from the Epstein family photo album!
The "troubled genius" archetype in movies and books comes almost entirely from writers' observations of autistic people.
The Universe is A Computer
If I’m not mistaken, China just invested $150mil into Reddit, and now we have the option to broadcast live (enabling mic and camera.) What do y’all think?
Leaked documents show Brazil’s Bolsonaro has grave plans for Amazon rainforest
A chef from Grand Central Cipriani was found dead, wasn't that a favorite hunting ground for Weinstein?
‘As Many as 20’ Corrections Officers Slapped with Grand Jury Subpoenas in Epstein Death Probe: Report
Bill Gates Refuses to Explain Why He Flew on Pedophile Epstein’s Plane
The father of Zero Hedge founder Daniel Ivandjiiski ("Tyler" on the site) was KGB and can be placed in African combat zones with Igor Sechin. He was a specialist in media agitprop.
MONSTER IN THE HOSPITAL Surgeon branded ‘France’s worst ever paedo’ after ‘raping hundreds of kids under anaesthetic and recording abuse in sick diary’
Kamala Harris Confirmed Slime | The Web of Slime - Is this article real or fake news?
Roger Hallam, founder of extinction rebellion, concedes his group is a terrorist organization on BBC
I've been lurking here since Epstein's arrest and I'm surprised no one has looked into anagrams. It is strangely fascinating.
Suspect In Philly Cop-Shooting Was Federal Informant
New poster for "The report". Thoughts on this movie?
Anyone else think this Amazon fire was an inside job?
Amazon rain forest, new monopoly. Anything to due with new machine that can convert carbon to oxygen!
21 people who have gone through the revolving door between Fox and the Trump administration
"Secret Pizza," an Iowa City pizza place that purposefully obscured it's location from people. No advertising or signs. Sometimes takes "weeks or months to deliver a pizza..."
The Russian government meddles in US elections to get republicans elected. Republicans are less prone to act on global warming, allowing arctic ice to melt. This means new oceanic routes are made in the article, oil deposits drilled, Siberia becomes hospitable for mining.
Anything think Jeff Goldblum is a potential pedo/scumbag?
Fmr MSNBC Host: ALL Hillary Commentary Had to Be “CLEARED” by Network President
Police Use Your Money to Buy Silence from Brutality Victims
Why do you think the elites want only men in power?
How secret Israeli attacks in Iraq are driving Trump’s anti-Iran campaign
Deleted 2x by mods at r/Epstein (??) (i.e., same text I posted to r/conspiracy was posted 2x to r/Ep)
Strange Underwater Features Near Coast Of Cape Town South Africa
Photos of the apparent fire in the Amazon rain forest isn't of the current fire or the photos aren't even of the Amazon
Since these photos keep getting removed. Here is a few I've snagged off Reddit. Keep it going.
Government poisoning Vape products
The NSA Smoke Detector Spy Net and the All Seeing Eye are Real! The Government &amp; their "Private Contractors" aka Corporations and the Illuminadonky have the most advanced Spy tech you can't even imagine - The "All Seeing Eye" is depicted as a Triangle as is Prism the name they call their Spy Program
The Mark of the beast is here
You guys were right, Reddit is hindering freedom of speech
Sure bud, you're on the moon. We believe you...
Netflix has a working relationship with child predator Matt Groening
the titanic sinking was an inside job to keep british elite and scum out of the US
"Jeffrey Epstein’s ‘teen sex slave’ gave foot rub to The Simpsons creator Matt Groening but nearly threw up over his ‘yellow crusty toes’, court documents claim"
Harvey Weinstein Indicted on two NEW charges in Manhattan Criminal Court
Here is how I would connect Bill Clinton, Jeffrey Epstein, and Donald Trump
U.S. Army Tries to Calm Residents About Upcoming Wave of Military Drills in North Carolina
What if the Luciferian Cabal Was Promoting the Devil this Whole Time?
Behind a Made-for-TV Hong Kong protest narrative, Washington is backing nativism and mob violence. (Fascinating article from the always excellent site called TheGrayZone.com )
Do I need a TV License? (Straight from the official UK website)
Trump's "Chosen One" comment and spat with Denmark shows his "psychotic-like state" says doctor who first warned about president's mental condition
Trump's administration handing out free passes to: Clintons, FBI, CIA, AND Ghislane Maxwell. #StillSwampy
Overstock CEO resigns after ‘deep state’ comments
In 2018, 64% of all federal arrests were of non-U.S. citizens.
Epstein sex slave: "If I left Epstein, he knew all kinds of powerful people. He could have had me killed or abducted, and I always knew he was capable of that if I did not obey him. He let me know that he knew many people in high places. He said 'I can get away' with things'
It’s like the Shitlibs just woke up today &amp; said let’s spam the same dumb shit all across the internet....
US. weather terrorism caused heatwaves of 2018/19
Jeffrey Epstein “buried” in an unmarked tomb next to his parents in a Jewish Masoleum in Florida arranged by his brother- who recently raged that “it’s nobody’s fucking business” to know where the pedophile was laid to rest.
Not half bad theory
Found this. Memes aside, this can't be a coincidence, the big oil companies surely did something fishy there.
Trump talks about serving '14 more years' as president
Any brexit conspiracy theories?
They would have called us crazy for suggesting this. CNN says it so now it's ok.
we are starting to wake up
Special Warfare training being staged across 21 NC counties. Anyone know anything about this?
Anyone know what the hell this is about? Special Warfare training being staged across 21 NC counties.
Does anyone know what happened to Ali Mohamed?
Government trolls DNA database of private companies without customer consent.
Could explain why the news was trying to hide the fact that the Amazon has been burning for weeks now
Best YouTube history documentaries that are unbiased or reveal secret history - especially about World War 1 and 2 and why they occurred
Why was there a ”mock” human sacrifice at CERN
Bearing in mind the Matt Groening/Epstein connection, here's some art he drew for "Escape from New York Pizza"
Epstein has been swept under the rug.
French group says it has 10 witnesses of Epstein-linked abuse
I think I've cracked the key to immortality, kind of
Examples of things this sub and internet detectives got right about Epstein before the MSM ever reported, before they even happened, or that it denied
["Do Plants Think?"] - "The Secret Life of Plants" part 4 of 4 - Russian Experiments [Also Notice Black Illuminati Pyramid on Russian HazMat Suit @1:08] - Are we under attack by Russian Plants!?!
A Jewish-ran Jewish-owned news corporation telling viewers that Henry Ford was an "anti-Semite"? Surely no bias there! None more than a Muslim ran Muslim owned newspaper calling Tommy Robinson an "islamophobe", no ulterior motive in opposition to balanced journalism. we swear goys!
Social Networks are control mechanisms. They are designed to isolate people into echo chambers, radicalizing their opinions and forcing them into losing contact with reality.
Theory: The Simpsons seem to have predicted many world events because Matt Groening was part of the occult elite
We Demand Answers: Who Started The Fires in the Amazon?
Have you ever noticed that all the people that are anti Trump turn out to be criminals or pedophiles?
Trump Struggling to Pronounce Words in Veterans Speech
Cali out there assembling their own Justice League. What is their goal with this?
Would they really go that far ?
Newbie here
Question about Reddit Policy.
Jeffrey Epstein homicide investigation, Eugenics &amp; Sandy hook Conspiracy podcast
What fire?
A Jewish ran Jewish owned news corporation telling viewers that Henry Ford was an "anti-Semite"? Surely no bias there! None more than a Muslim ran Muslim owned newspaper calling Tommy Robinson an "islamophobe", no ulterior motive in opposition to balanced journalism. we swear goys!!!
Kamala Harris is an old white woman (like in Get Out).
Looking for a specific Podesta email
Researcher Defends Condemnation of Big Tech After Hillary Cries Fake News: "Google poses 3 serious threats to humanity: 1) an obscene level of surveillance across 200+ platforms; 2) the power to determine what content 2+ billion can or can NOT see; 3) invisible manipulation on a massive scale."
Via AMZN-/MSFT-/VC-praised work, IDed THREAT Epstein could be/have-been PART of. Keywords: hypersexuality CORRELATES w/ psychopathy; psychos (Ps) are IMPERILED (4 reasons; keywords: heritable; via molecular genetics, identifiers; police WANT universal genetic databases); ~16% Ps’ IQ &gt; 115; ~77M Ps
Trump’s old NBC boss pitches $60 million plan to use mass surveillance to predict potential mass shooters
Banned Reddit User - Speaking on Hollywood pedophilia ring and Lawsuits.
FCC re-examining iPhone RF levels after controversial report
It has begun
Jeffrey Epstein Pitched His Own Narrative and Mainstream Media Published It: Forbes, HuffPost and National Review journalists all took money from Epstein to print positive puff pieces about the convicted paedophile. None have been sanctioned; all still have blue check marks and work in our media.
Social media can make children more impulsive, leading to eating disorders or increased drug use
“Nobody is talking about the Amazon Fire” is being pushed by TPTB
Not one member of The New York Times editorial board has commented Joi Ito's Epstein dealings
Amazon, Microsoft, 'putting world at risk of killer AI'
these fires are being set
Just multinational corporations manipulating the wheat market
Renowned Psychologist Exposes Big Tech's Censorship, Fires Back at Hillary Clinton for Calling Research "Debunked": Google is manipulating voters on a "massive scale" and Big Tech swayed “a rock bottom minimum” of 2.6 million to as many as 10.4 million votes to Clinton in 2016
[META] On fake news and political beliefs
My journey into the rabbit hole - a detailed look at mind control and multiple personalities/dissociation - a supernatural influence on identity could explain why the government was so obsessed with MK Ultra
Tulsi Gabbard may not qualify for next debate, even though she's met criteria
Leonardo Decabrio on Instagram : Terrifying to think that the Amazon is the largest rain forest on the planet, creating 20% of the earth’s oxygen, basically the lungs of the world, has been on fire and burning for the last 16 days running, with literally NO media coverage whatsoever! Why?
Interview about Epstein with Whitney Webb (author of those Mint Press articles) — discusses links to CIA and organized crime
Classified? Hell is coming
Graham Elwood (The Political Vigilante) interview with Whitney Webb (author of those Mint Press articles) on Jeffrey Epstein
Has someone looked into Trump's usage of Russian homonyms?
It appears /r/conspiracy is being manipulated into brigading, specifically anti-Chinese government material.
practice for the event
'What changed?': Scaramucci hosted Trump Jr. for dinner days before break with president
Keep focusing on Epstein. The Amazon fires and purchasing Greenland is being highlighted online to distract.
Posts from r/Conspiracy rarely appear in my “home” feed, far less than things from quarantined subs, even though many are upvoted far higher than other junk. Censorship? Happening to anyone else?
Here's how Ryan Dawson has to announce new video content on YouTube. See video description for links to actual content.
BABY BUSH SLIPS UP and talks about "the explosives" set in WTC on 9-11
Reminder that in Germany it’s illegal to question the legitimacy of the Holocaust.
The Amazon burning
Reddit and Spez didn’t want you to find this out.
Why do the World Elite gather every year in the Redwood Forest to participate in mock human sacrifices? (the Cremation of Care)
Tariffs, Trade wars, and the overly sweet GOP tax bill of 2017
Elon Musk reveals what he thinks about Aliens, he expects to find aliens on Mars and isn’t concerned
Flouride turns pineal gland to stone. (x-post from r/entheogens)
Amazon Forest on Fire - Trade deal with Europe
in other news recently unsealed documents reveal that the creator of the Simpsons Matt Groening flew on Epstein's Lolita express and got a foot massage from a 16 year old sex slave who said she nearly vomited when she saw his feet.
Does anybody have further info on this cross post? 11 weeks strong then suddenly there's nothing to be said.
The Federal Reserve, the EU Central Bank and the Bank of England are controlled by apprentices of the Jesuits.
The idea of duality when applied to freemasonry. A friendly fraternity or a secret society? Some interesting facts about the Rothschilds and other European oligarchs and also, what interesting facts do you know about freemasonry and other secret societies?
Five companies control 90% of the media in the US. These and companies on the outside are controlled by the CIA, the Jesuits and their apprentices.
The_Donald caught manually and automatically removing Tianamen Masscare and Seth Rich related posts. Alex Jones, Paul Joseph Watson Summit News and AOC seem to trigger their filters as well.
Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro claims the NGOs (Non-Profit Organizations) are responsible for the wild fires in the Amazon
The black pope used spies to obtain the complete plans for the largest ground invasion in military history, the German invasion of Russia in WWII.
The Jewish role in the German communist revolution of 1919, The Treaty of Versailles and The Munich agreement.
Communism was tested by the Jesuits in Paraguay before the Russian revolution. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
The Jewish role in the Russian Communist revolution.
Holocaust denial arguments: The Jewish population before, during and after the war barely changed and even increased at first.
Giovanni Buttarelli, the European Data Protection Supervisor, just passed away. Cause of death???
About the Amazon fires and this whole "no one's talking about it"/"everyone's talking about it" thing
Now it is entirely clear how small of a group of people get to actually choose who are president is
Are the two guys from Tube Unique Wilderness getting exploited
I think I’ve lost all hope. The world is run by extremely evil people, and there is absolutely nothing we can do about it.
ECHOES - I have to kill the president
Amazon on fire, evil sex cult pedophile in power, chinese censorship reddit, Trump wants to buy Greenland, crazy times, and the reality is I can't do nothing about it. What we need is to get back to basics, start local groups to talk with, organize, get the power to change
It's within the realm of possibility
Why isn’t r/conspiracy showing in Google search results?
Workers were ordered not to protest. not allowed to bring lunch, not providing lunch, required to stand through lunch, withheld pay if no show. So they fuck you if you go &amp; they fuck you if you stay home. All because DT, constantly has to put on an act to falsely show he has supporters.
Incoming Food Shortages and Mainstream Media Suspiciously Quiet
Sexual Predators in Government, Way Beyond Pizzagate or even Pedogate
Interesting. What do y’all think?
I can't find one video of Epstein talking. Like a interview or a short clip of him just speaking. Its kind of strange.
Stop saying the Amazon fire is for money, it’s for control. Mind control. Just like Cali DEW fires, it’s all 5G/haarp/energy matrix related. They are ensuring that no matter where you go, there is no escape. They will imprison everyone’s minds.
At least eight jail officials knew Jeffrey Epstein was not to be left alone in cell
Unfortunately, we know how this story goes..
I feel sorry for the younger generation, this world is so fucked
When Vanity Fair began writing about Jeffrey Epstein in the early 2000s, a live bullet and a dead cat's severed head were left on editor Graydon Carter's porch
The Higherside chats podcast recently had a great in depth episode about Epstein.
Random thought about the next big conspiracy.
Shaun Attwood interviewing David Icke.
r/pics mod admits in private they are filtering out all mentions of Tiananmen. The Chinese Government is now successfully censoring the 5th biggest subreddit.
Most Annoying Podcasts
There is something deeply suspicious about a Jewish ran and Jewish owned Newspaper telling its readers that Henry Ford was an anti-Semite. It's like a Muslim owned and Muslim ran radio telling listeners that Tommy Robinson is an islamophobe.
Is it crazy to think that we had started finding abandoned cities in the Amazon and now they’re on fire?
Which spelling do you remember?
Censorship: This is what happens when you post the truth about Donald Trump and his Zionist enablers in the Donald subreddit on Reddit.
Humorous but in-depth Podcast following the Epstein case.
Does anyone find it weird how the Wikipedia portrays the "Tiananmen Square Massacre"? Like not describing it as massacre and formatting it as a battle between two organized forces
Anyone else notice all of the news articles about individuals being caught planning mass shootings? Interesting after El Paso and Dayton.
The BBC are still reporting on Prince Andrew and Epstein
Why would a nuclear research organization create an insanely creepy video like this? 🤔
Hillary Clinton Meltdown as Major Evidence shows She &amp; Google collude
Are We Alone? | Extraterrestrial Life Conspiracy | Science Documentary 2019
That time CNN threatened to dox a Reddit user
Ummm... WTF? Slow push to normalize CANNIBALISM?
Everybody talking how Tiananmen is censorship on r/pics buts its literally posted at the top???
Possible dogman/humanoid caught on camera
Amazon fire prediction. Ep15 S13
Hillary Clinton Meltdown as Major Evidence shows She &amp; Google collude
Note this may look familiar to another post going around. That’s because I’m the op and this is an update: Big brain shit. Has to do with the cfpcia instagram accounts Political meddling in Instagram
people and their cell-phones
r/pics mods removed this. Tiananmen protestors were swept to side of road like trash as tanks roll by in distance.
Epstein: The Robert Maxwell Connection (by George Galloway)
Notre Dame fire vs Amazon fire
The box from my local pizza place
What if Chinese started the Amazon Rainforest fire to divert international attention from Hong Kong protests
Money Talks
HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS DEPLORES THE EXPLOITATION OF ANY HUMAN BEING AND THE SUGGESTION HE WOULD CONDONE, PARTICIPATE IN OR ENCOURAGE ANY SUCH BEHAVIORS IS ABHORRENT
[META] So i just found out about brian peck. Who still works in the movie industry. Why is nickelodeon still up and running? Are we all to busy to understand that reality always wins. ( Sorry for the bad audio, im trying to fix it. )
Dwight Shrute thoughts
University Researchers: We Have to Accept People Who ‘Identify as Real Vampires’
An exercise in coincidence and a secret.
Still learning reddit. Auto mod is giving me a hard time so I'll post link in comments.
$500 Million to a trust fund two days before death. Who needs that much money after they die?
COINTELPRO Techniques for dilution, misdirection and control of a internet forum. (This valuable information is being scrubbed from the Internet.)
Epstein writes a will 2 days before 'suicide'. £500 million to a private trust after death.
The news lately has all been fake to hide the Amazon rainforest fire
The murky life and death of Robert Maxwell – and how it shaped his daughter Ghislaine
Why does the number 138 seem to follow Donald Trump around? Have a look....
Chinese human rights lawyer Chen Qiushi missing after return from Hong Kong protests trip
"American Gulag" Death Of Jeffrey Epstein: Will Julian Assange Be Next?
'We Should Be Retreating Already From the Coastline,' Scientist Suggests After Finding Warm Waters Below Greenland: There is enough ice in Greenland to raise the sea levels by 7.5 meters ...and that would be devastating to coastlines all around the planet," said a NASA oceanographer
THE COFFEE HACKER - Fortnight Tales
The Child-Rape Assembly Line - VICE
Tupac died for a reason. The real truth is here.
Are These Cops Using Fake Blood in Philadelphia? You Decide... - YouTube
The conspiracy. A short fictional story on fortnighttales.com
Site Title
Chernobyl Forest and the Amazon
Why were the comments disabled for this picture that got over 100k upvotes?
Is it not strange that this is the first time most of us have heard of these Amazonian Fires? I did a search through reddit, and the only posts about it that I can find are from 1 day ago.. can anyone confirm this?
Greenland news engulfed Epstein news and recession news
From Forbes, 2013: “Science Funder Jeffrey Epstein Launches Radical Emotional Software For The Gaming Industry”. Huh?
After losing Amazon Rainforest land to indigenous tribes in a court ruling, Bolsonaro paid groups and individuals to lay siege to the rainforest via fire.
Satoshi Nakamoto exposed as Goldman Sachs collab with CIA
Although some are natural, this is the current state of the fires in South America.
Hillary Clinton Controls 50,000 FBI encryption keys - Proves Mueller’s With Hunt is treasonous.
Are some people trying to destroy Earth on purpose?
It’s happening again. The DNC is choosing their candidate before voters have their voices heard in the primary.
China Please Don't Make Us Go to War with You.
HILLARY CLINTON CONTROLS 50,000 FBI ENCRYPTION KEYS – PROVES MUELLER’S WITCH HUNT IS TREASONOUS
MSNBC seems to be deliberately silencing Andrew Yang
Amazon rainforest in Brazil
Orwell's Nightmare: Temperature Adjustments and Climate Change.. corbettreport
No one thinks the whole transgender thing is wrong?
The year 2020
Sheeple are opening their eyes to the world around them
Dem Party considers Yougov Polls acceptable to decide which candidates are popular enough to be in debates. Run By Uk Conservatives &amp; major investment comes from Blackrock the world’s largest asset manager - 7Trillion In Funds. They Wont Poll Anyone Fairly Except Biden &amp; Other Corp Prostitutes.
The Kinsey Syndrome (2009) - A deep dive into the dark legacy of world-famous sexologist Alfred Kinsey
Is the rainforest fire in the Amazonas the distraction for the Epstein case?
Epstein merely a distraction for the planned mass destruction of the Amazon
Than-Q
People are starting to believe Targeted individuals
MSNBC seems to be deliberately silencing Andrew Yang
Apollo 17 panorama mystery - Identical mountains or a moving Geophone 2
The Science of Government Founded on Natural Law - 1841 - Clinton Roosevelt
New Meme released asking the internet to make viral on Political prisoner/probationer Brian D. Hill of USWGO for Brian to meet President Trump – Justice for Brian D. Hill of USWGO Alternative News
The lack of coverage is very suspicious
Deleted positive comments on a thread about Tiananmnen Square, with a few more that were deleted about a few seconds after I refreshed the thread. Comment in comments.
The Science of Government Founded on Natural Law - 1841 - Clinton Roosevelt
A person on 4chan claimed to be a scientist coming from the arctic region and is saying humanity will go extinct by 2040 because of climate change. It was also mentioned that trump is trying to buy greenland for this very reason (to escape to Greenland with the other elites)
The circled names on Epstein’s black book are “suppliers”.
Is Maxwell a USA citizen?
Disney Conspiracy
We came back in 2035. Arm yourself. Be ready.
Merica
Now 2 Story Hr Queens are Convicted CM’s!
I believe it
Lol but he said he was “appalled at &amp; could never participate in human trafficking”. Fuck him. Btw that’s ex-sex slave Virginia Roberts, who sued Epstein + testified that she was forced to have sex w Prince Andrew 4 times. Also she said he has a foot + puppet fetish and made her suck on his toes 🙄
Pro-gun activists are blaming videogames for mass shootings. Not because they actually believe it, but to cause outrage and media conversation until gun tentions aren't as high.
Campaign to suppress counter-revolutionaries was the first political campaign launched by the China designed to eradicate opposition elements, especially former Kuomintang (KMT) functionaries accused of trying to undermine the new Communist govt.
Even after Epstein
"The Real ID Act of 2005" I'm from Virginia. By October of next year to be able to fly within the U.S. I'll have to update my I.D. to this. This Act was passed after 911 and required all states to commit to this new I.D. Most states opposed, including Virginia. I guess Virginia finally caved.
Is it me or all this explosion stuff right after HBO Chernobyl series is like too much of a coincidence?
Amazon created the amazon fire stick because they knew the amazon would eventually catch fire and they wanted to reduce google searches when it happened. Just a theory
The people of Syria, living for 5 years under the jihadist proxies of the USA, Israel and Britain have long despised and hated the jihadist proxies. Thousands have been freed from the reign of terror and are celebrating the freedom of once again living under the protection of the Syrian Government.
Me and my boss
Well is Reddit owned by China? Why can’t this picture be posted? Never forget
'A Total Failure': Homeless Crisis In Progressive Cities Reaches Fever Pitch. Nevertheless, the globalists still want to import more poverty.
With 5G notes all over the cities at every corner on the horizon how much is our health at stake?
This Sony/Disney feud over Spiderman is just a marketing ploy to set up the next phase of the MCU
Anyone know what’s going on with this? Worth 1 billion sold for a 100k? Doesn’t make sense.
Deforestation now vs. 400 years ago
I was banned for agenda posting. About the Hong Kong protests. Why would r/news mods do this?
The Epstein story isn’t about blackmail, it’s about Sabbatean/Frankist rituals.
r/pics is apparently fully embracing its new Chinese rulers
Once a billion dollar listing sold for a 100K in Los Angeles, looking for more information or concerns from the group.
Maersk goes David Icke - We are, shipping company Maersk claims, being held back by our “reptilian brain”.
Why you won’t see much news about the devastating Amazon rainforest fires on Google
“I pet goat II” the most terrifying, horrifying and evil satanic, shit I’ve ever seen....
Giant alien face discovered in Antarctica
Does anyone know what was censored out of the newer versions of behold a pale horse?
climate change is ignored for population control
Jeff Bezos will purchase all that land in the Amazon.
Jeff Bezos will purchase all that burnt land.
Makes you think
Trump is a hero
Further Proof Of Censorship In /r/pics
Notre Dame fire vs Amazon fire
50+ New Instagram Accounts all with the username
Trump tweets quote calling him the "second coming of God" to Jews in Israel
The occult significance of Money, Sex and Power.
Pepperidge Farm remembers
Epstein Saga: It's over, we've been shafted AGAIN!
Nobody cares about the Amazon because they want to build something there
What if Nicholas Tartaglione is the real culprit and has been all along?
Zoey in her office chair getting shit done. Kinda.
“I am the King of Israel” -Donald Trump (Know More News w/ Christopher Bollyn)
The amazon was set on fire to distract us from Epstein’s murder
The ban from r/pics for posting about Tiananmen Square is legit. I tried it myself, scary times my friends.
May: Amazon tribes wins lawsuit against oil companies. August: Amazon burns to the ground.
A few days ago people were mad at Disney about one of their stars backing China. I remember seeing headlines about a planned protest at Disneyland Hong Kong, right before this Spider-Man news hit. That made Sony the bad guy...
If the turtles survived the meteor wouldn’t the Mosasaurus survive to ???
Chinese Communism: Deep State Evil Incarnate [Ep5]
Modeling Agency Provided Jeffrey Epstein With 'More Than 1,000 Underage Girls' - Report
Actor Turned EXORCIST Exposes HOLLYWOOD Demons and the Path of Becoming Spiritually Awakened
Twitter Censorship of Accounts Exposing Western, Gulf State and Israeli Financed Terrorists Warcrimes Reveals Anti-War Information Supression Agenda
How do you explain the people in the towers who saw planes fly into the towers floors above them?
Paul Hellyer talks to George Noory on coast to coast about Money Mafia.
Legit Hacking Services
Still surprises me that people still would rather have a Clinton as president then Trump😂 like do your research people.
A drone shot I captured in São Paulo, Brazil 8.16.19. I was there for a week and didn’t see any smoke or talk about the fires in the Amazon. I even went to a few stores that sold goods from the Amazon and they never mentioned any fires. Maybe I’m being a skeptic but tell me what you think?
Feds move to dismiss Jeffrey Epstein's sex-trafficking indictment
Epstein Had Three 12-Year-Olds Flown in to Give Him Birthday Blowjobs
Detective Fisten "I interviewed hundreds of victims — people who were victimized by Jeffrey, worked with him, were part of his organization," Fisten told me. "I interviewed them, the FBI interviewed him … Trump never came up involved in this part of his life anywhere, at any time, by anybody."
Gay Hip Hop Millionaire Illuminati Video...it had me GLUED to the screen...
Not just the Amazon; the Arctic is also on fire.
Documentaries
LEGIT HACKING SERVICES
Looking for books/literature about older civilizations and how the people in power manipulated the masses
Tulsi Gabbard may not qualify for next debate, even though she's met criteria
Big brain stuff to do with instagram
This rare image, featuring the victims of the mass slaughter of peaceful protesters by the Chinese army at Tiananmen Square, was just censored from the front page of reddit with 134,000 net upvotes.
Are there any conspiracy movies that aren't fucking stupid?
Notice the triangle? Who posted the chapelle Netflix special with the same thin?
"Bombshell" Trailer dud HERE'S A BOMBSHELL 3 FEM-BOTS SUCKING UP FOR THEIR SATANIC PEDO MASTER'S PRopaganda
Hmmm
The Last American Vagabond: Ryan Dawson Interview - Epstein's Blackmail Ring Goes Back Decades And May Have Compromised the US Govt
Endangered Florida panthers are struggling to walk, and wildlife officials don't know why
Maybe Apple had Godlike powers and he did not want to bite Eve off of it
People are deliberately starting fires in the #AmazonRainforest to illegally deforest indigenous land for cattle ranching
Epstein News - At Least 8 Jail Officials Ignored Orders Not to Leave Him By Himself
Barr says he has seen 'nothing' to undercut Epstein autopsy findings | TheHill
Clinton / Weiner Laptop video
Everyone keeps asking what's going on with the rainforest.
The President of the United States just referred to himself as the "second coming of God"
Does anyone think it’s very suspicious that Reddit just got half of their funding from a Chinese censorship company in the wake of possibly the biggest protests in the world, conveniently shortly after the protests are constantly reaching the front page?
I, for one, welcome our new Chinese overlords
What if /r/pan is a way to divert attention from the HK protests and China's large donations to reddit?
Prince Andrew - The Walls Are Closing In - David Icke
Secretive warfare training being staged in 21 North Carolina counties, Army says
Fluoride In Water Study Goes Mainstream: Another Win For "Conspiracy Theorists"!
If you’ve ever masterbated to porn using a smart device with a camera, you can be blackmailed.
"The Boys" subliminally exposing deep state operations, tactics, and affairs?
Is no one going to comment on how the amazon wildfires happen 3 weeks after epstein "committed suicide"?
Zodiakos (Zodiac Aquarius): The Circle of Holy Animals 10/11
Building 7 Study to be released on September 3ʳᵈ... In just a couple of weeks, the breakthrough Building 7 Study by Dr. Leroy Hulsey will be released, "proving definitively that fire did not cause the destruction of World Trade Center Building 7 on 9/11"
YouTube's AI is deleting videos of robots fighting because of ‘animal cruelty’
Trump Doesn't Get Paid Unless there is More Oil Drilling - Rosneft deal is his payoff for being Putin's Bitch
Are you still a Nazi if you say Jewish people may have power in America?
Citing Congressional Testimony is now a Conspiracy Theory according to CNN
This world is screwed.
Help me get into your thing.
Didn't Hitler die by taking a cyanide capsule?
AG Barr addresses the public regarding the Epstein case; supports the official ME findings of suicide (of which the public has not been allowed to see).
guys i think people are haunting my house or something .Its getting crazy
Epstein Will Appears Forged
Report: Contractors Have Listened To Inadvertently Recorded Audio From Xbox Owners' Homes
Why is Amazon allowed such free reign to monopolise every market they touch?
Why dont the deepstate want you to learn how to spot fake pics.....FotoForensics is a tool to learn everything about a pic including all metadata and more
Past month recapped
"We All Knew About the Trafficking"-The Untold Story of Trump Model Management (Part 1)
Where is Jeffery Epstein Prison footage??
This subreddit is a goldmine for the enemy. rConspiracy will never be banned.
Theory: The Epstein story is a dry run to PERFORM TUNING and establish an ACCURATE CONTROL GROUP for the information censorship apparatus we have seen rapidly rolled out in 2019 and legalized via the TAPS Act
Trump now saying "I am the chosen one"
Height comparison
Reposting to piss off Reddit
Philly cop shooting suspect is a FBI informant.
Epstein is dead, but what happens to his massive organization ?
help please (not conspiracy)
Philly Coo shooter was a FBI informant. Cointelpro?
What’s up with the Amazon right now??
Are there places in the world with no jet contrails?
I thought this was about aliens
Music Industry
Prestigious medical journal, BMJ, devolves into tabloid tactics for Pharma interests —the Wakefield hit job.
‘Washington Post’ Doubles Down Amid Epstein Conspiracy Theory Controversy
HELP(NOT CONSPIRACY)
X-Post from r/watchredditdie "A racist comment posted earlier got 1 platinum award, 5 gold awards, and 4 silver awards seemingly all at once." People Want the Sub Banned so Shills Plant Bannable Offenses
Bolsonaro &amp; The Apocalypse: The Most Dangerous Man on Earth
Via my AMZN-/MSFT-/VC-praised work, IDed THREAT that Epstein a/o his allies pose. Keywords: hypersexuality CORRELATES w/ psychopathy; psychos (Ps) IMPERILED (4 reasons; keywords: heritable; via molecular genetics, identifiers; police WANT universal genetic databases); ~16% Ps’ IQ &gt; 115; ~77M Ps
What is this checkered thing on Epstein's island?
Posted the image that is top in r/conspiracy in r/pics to see how fast it would be censored.
The amazon is on fire and no one is talking about it
Repost worth Reposting!
The Unsolved Disappearance Of Flight MH370 (2014)
Thousands march in Moscow demanding open city elections
Bolsonaro &amp; The Apocalypse: The Most Dangerous Man on Earth
DNA Tests?
Tianamen Square: the picture you won't see on the front page.
Amazon rainforest? Corporations?
This Spider-Man stuff is just a clever marketing ploy to get free promotion of everyone talking about it
1st try hot bbn taken down cuz im a newb here and dont know all the rules. Start digging and see how the feds are a foreign corporation. We are enslaved to the bankers. Other good nwo type of stuff in there. Connects the dots to a lot
George Pell’s appeal against conviction denied
Let’s not forget Laura Silsby. She was caught smuggling 33 kids out of Haiti. Silsby has close ties to the Clintons.
Hollywood is no place for children
DC Madam - No I am not planning to commit suicide
Facebook Is Hiring Corporate Media Veterans to Continue Crackdown on Conservatives and Push Fake News
Disney leaked the news to show Sony the backlash they would get.
The Amazon rainforest, 20% of our oxygen, is on fire for 3 weeks, with no attention in the media, why? Bc "suddenly" Spiderman is cancelled. Which obviously will cause rage. Media's prioritys and cover-ups will lead to our death.
If you are a flat earther please look at 3:30 and explain.
This masterpiece isn't posted nearly as much as it should
Rare before and after of T-square Mass-Extinction Event (last post deleted holy shit)
83.6% of comments on the r/pics tiananmen square post have been removed.
Amazon is on fire and MSN is not talking about it???
Looking for video on the four subs sunk in 1968
Flashback: 30 years ago, Army officers infected children with STDs in San Francisco
Conspiracy post of Tiananmen square #2 on all right now. Google censorship changes this past week.
Climate Change, HAARP, The Media
Is there a massive list of every person outed as a pedophile/satanist?
Why is Google still covering for Epstein Island? Aerial view shows “Tennis Court” where really there is a sacrificial pit? [Link to article in comments]
Rare before and after of the 1989 Massacre in Beijing
Dystopia_irl
Interesting reads on how the US federal govt is a foreugn corporation. Other interesting reads on a rothchilds, nwo, etc in the related article sections. Start digging..this all really connects dots on other theories as the base and history on lots that has been happening. One fucked up world
Trump Promotes Himself as 'King of Israel... Second Coming of God'
Ask Spez about the events that did not happen at Tiananmen Square?
Just got banned from r/pics for showing a wide shot of tank man, they are in full censorship mode now
YouTubers aren’t so rich
After 2-3 weeks of spinning wheels I'm beginning to believe the whole Epstein saga was INTENDED for public consumption at some point.
Gaslighting | The Narcissist's Favorite Tool of Manipulation
The world's largest rainforest has been devastated for weeks by fires so intense they can be seen from space
Thoughts on social media selling and monitoring information
Whatever happened with that really weird "hidden" website that was discovered on one of the pizza company's websites back when everyone was researching pizzagate?
A possible cover
German political prisoner Alfred Schaefer gets 18 more months tacked on his sentence
California building bridge for wildlife. At what impact to climate change? And $87 million too. Why not just buy the wildlife ocean front property?
The word “bizarre” is a coded word used by MSM to describe any Elite pedophile related conspiracy theory
Celebrities are shouting about the amazon rainforrest fires on social media and are immediately claiming its the result of climate change.
Jeffery Epstein is just the tip of the iceberg! From Human Trafficking, to the Never-Ending Wars - the Poison in the Food, Water &amp; Air - The Fluoride that is literally making people dumber -the MSG &amp; Aspartame making people fatter, people are getting Dumber and Fatter Satanic Forces Run this Planet
Why unfair representation of minorities in society needs to change
Google Whistleblower Live In Studio With Alex Jones – Plus Trump Backs Off Gun Control
CIA instagram accounts, possible conspiracy??
LIVE: Epstein Update &amp; Discussion with Jason Bermas &amp; The Mind Unleashed
5 miillion km^2 of Amazon have burned since August 11.
Just twitters bias: 1 fluff peice for Elizabeth warren and 5 anti trump stories
remember when everyone was called a conspiracy theorist for claiming Obama was going to build Walmart FEMA camps? And then it turned out Obama was building concentration camps?
Dark to Light Special: Google Whistleblower Zach Vorhies exposes Big Tech censorship and contamination of information dissemination and facing the fallout of his disclosure
This is the truth
Did Russian President Vladimir Putin die in this Nuclear Blast? Where is he - he hasn't been seen for 2 weeks R.I.P.
Just a friendly reminder of how insanely inappropriate and creepy Biden is with children. Oh, and he’s in the lead in the Democratic primaries.
Rush Limbaugh temporarily silenced by IHeartRadio (formerly ClearChannel) for giving clear evidence of climate change FACT MANIPULATION. I call shenanigans!
How about these people who walk around barefoot because they claim there's an electron energy transfer from "mother earth" into your body, that doesn't happen if you wear shoes.
China owns reddit now. This is a very, very good thing. You want the greatest enemy of your country protecting your free speech, one of the most powerful weapons against corruption available to the general public.
Who's doing the large purchase orders on these pills?
What conspiracies were manufactured only to distract us from the real conspiracies?
Sabrina Carpenter’s “In My Bed”: A Video about the Mind Control of a Young Girl … Made by Disney
Obama is involved with the Illuminati
Locker Room Blasphemy
Everyone is Freaking Out About The Instagram Privacy Policy Conspiracy
Obama is involved in the Illuminari
This video will get Mr. Teutle banned for life from Bilderberg
Why are people talking about anything aside from Jeffrey Epstein?
Dr. Judy Wood - Irrefutable
What's going on in China?
Epstein signed will 2 days before death...Did he/they fake his death?
This guy reads the actual court transcripts proving massive, institutionalized abuse of children at the border. It's honestly horrifying.
Part two (2:12), 2009 Footage of MSNBC fabricating a story that "armed white racists" are at Obama rallies. Part 1, hilarious 1992 forced NBC admission of fabricating the explosion of a GM truck.
Is there a long video interview of Epstein?
Not only does the TV show Neon Genesis Evangelion predict the upcoming apocalypse it can also help you be a better person...
Mass meditation to heal the negative energy created by child ritual sacrifices. Help us to create peace!
Did Epstein have a dead mans hand in place?
Epstein’s Mysterious Death Kills Trafficking Case | Jeremy Stone
You are being poisoned and culled.
Title isn't important.
What is Epstein distracting from?
help?
Sandy Hook
Space Relations: Deep Dive into the Amazon Reviews; who is Fighting Phil Sheridan?
Outage of Twitter in Indian subcontinent region
/r/conspiracy Round Table #22: Big Pharma, Psychotropics &amp; Mass Shootings
This rare image, featuring the victims of the mass slaughter of peaceful protesters by the Chinese army at Tiananmen Square, was just censored from the front page of reddit with 134,000 net upvotes.
What the fuck is happening with the Amazon?
The Epstein Rabbit Hole with guest Steve Poikonen
This man on YouTube knows a lot what they are not telling us about Cali and the quakes yt theecountdownbackup!!!
Prediction from Cyberpunk 2020 1994 handbook.
Trap Music is the Brainwashing of Today
So who will you vote for?
I find it weird that the top comments of this thread are mostly people praising the idea that the top comments on r/conspiracy are praising the idea that the top comments on r/conspiracy are praising the idea that the only comments in this thread are praising the idea that the only comments in this
Amazon Rain Forest On Fire
Epstein's Mysterious Death Kills Trafficking Case | Jeremy Stone
The amazon rainforest fire isnt getting coverage because they will use the land
Fukushima Radiation Becomes Latest Japan-South Korea Sore Point
Facebook Bans ‘Women For Trump’ Ads.
Honk Kong protester spraying soap on the ground LOL these guys are well prepared for the final fight
THE GOVERNMENT IS KILLING US FOR PROFIT !!!
Natural Disasters, the News, and Epstein
Madonna Publicizes, "Not Everyone is Coming to the Future, Not Everyone That's Here is Gonna Last" - America to Be Destroyed
Kim Kardashian's fans: 'Why you got six toes?'
Q is DynCorp, Epstein is part of DynCorp, DynCorp runs multiple Pedo Blackmail Operations.
If anyone was waiting for that huge distraction from Epstein, it’s here today. It’s called Spider-Man
Got banned from Pics for posting a picture of tiananmen square. Reddits overlords have spoken.
Atrocities by toothless Pakistani Army on Baloch citizens
Epstein Update -- All The World's A Stage!
Alarm as Trump Requests Permanent Reauthorization of NSA Mass Spying Program Exposed by Snowden — "The White House is calling for reauthorization of a program that security agencies have used to spy on innocent people, violate their privacy, and chill free speech."
since the Amazonian forest is on fire, i better not see any new buildings or construction going on after it calms down &amp; all that. because that would seem hella sketch 🤔🧐
Jeffrey Epstein employed an army of "disciples"
Loch Ness monster theory 'remains plausible', scientists say
Same story, differing headlines. USA Today and Wall Street Journal
I thought we were in agreement that there is no “left” vs “right”?
Plane #2 was black
List of Corrupted Governments
Madonna Sings About the Illuminati: "The All Seeing Eye is Watching Tonight"
I had an idea the other day. What if all birds are actually mechanical robots used to spy on us, and no one expects a thing because we see them everywhere?
This has been bothering me ALOT
Tencent bought out Reddit for $150 million, I believe they are censoring this image
100 years ago, the fruit company Dole stole Hawaii from its last queen
They finally jumped the shark - "White women who work for charities are white supremacists"
This is what is really going on in Ridgecrest that the news and government is not saying,not just cali will suffer but us all I am warning you now!!!this is big and you don't know.
Must not question!
Digging Deep Into the Only Conspiracy Alex Jones Doesn't Like
I believe Tencent is using their influence over Reddit to censor this image. The post was not in violation of r/pics rules
The amazon was set fire by the Chinese government to distract us from the protests in Hong Kong.
Altered subtitles want to make the video sound like Kennedy wasn't deliberately killed by the elite. Notice how when the elite is quoted it says 'it'd be useful if Kennedy wasn't there' vs 'if Kennedy was killed'
Trump-Netanyahu: The Disgraceful President and the Contemptible Prime Minister
The Age of Surveillance Capitalism and The Price We Pay
Lost a video that was recently trending?
No media coverage at all
Reddit sold their soul for $150 million to Tencent
Looking for a “pro-hitler” documentary that was on Youtube but got deleted off the face of the Earth. It was labeled alt-right propaganda as well but ultimately, the video is what matters. Run time is approx. over an hour. It is NOT The Greatest Story Never Told btw. Thanks.
The Epstein Rabbit Hole with guest Steve Poikenen
Fluoride accumulates in the human pineal gland, not a conspiracy. Get your industrial waste byproduct out of my endocrine system. | PubMed
Are You Lost In An Online Conspiracy Theory Maze? — Snelgraphix: Designing Minds
Washington Post has two articles about neo-nazis in 2 days. Spot the difference in reporting!
Epstein instructed his money to go to the 1953 Trust. This is the same year Queen Elizabeth II became queen. Connection?
Manufacturing uncritical thinking
This crazy guy is live talking about the government trying to kill him
Are You Lost In An Online Conspiracy Theory Maze? We can help you. — Snelgraphix: Designing Minds
Do any of you remember a website called TrueTube or maybe TruTube around 10 years ago?
The lure of the mountain is what has been making people die trying to climb the Everest
DailyMail and Epstein
Jeffrey Epstein pilot claims Prince Andrew flew on jet with paedophile and Virginia Roberts
'Comedian' 'conspiracy theorist' podcasts
40 rebuttals to the media’s smears of Julian Assange by someone who was actually there
Fuck the Sony/Disney Spider-Man deal, where the fuck is Ghislaine Maxwell and why is she not in prison with her cronies?
Trump Exposed as a Zionist puppet
EPSTEIN'S PLANE WENT TO ANTARCTICA ON THE 23/7/2019....... WTF........ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTUXJn40Was
ST - Might we be living in a waking 'deep fake' perpetrated by the 'demiurge'?
A general question: Where does Putin stand in terms of World Elites?
Download / Upload
It is sketchy that this subreddit has not been taken down yet.
This Epstein Case and these articles about this whole pedophilia ring has got me thinking...
Trump Trying To Buy Greenland Was Related To Epstein
Thoughts on the supposed face and faces in Antartica? As Above So Below does it connect to the faces on Mars?
Conspiracy Literature Suggestions?
Anyone else expecting Epsteins cellmate (Tartaglione) to "kill himself" aswell?
War with Iran - Downfall of the American Empire Documentary 2019 Part 1
im not against weed but, this is too weird for me
Help me find conspiracies
Why Sony and Marvel cut ties. (My theory)
AMA Confirms Fluoride Damages Infants’ Brains, Lowers IQ
Facebook Bans Trump Campaign Ad For “Assuming Gender Identity” – Report
You Can’t Watch This: New Documentary Reveals How You’re Being Censored &amp; Controlled
Had a conversation with someone who not only believes in reptilians but also claims to of been in contact with them while under the influence of LSD
Vice trying to promote &amp; normalize cannibalism
Here's what I think is actually going on...
How did LA get to this state of extreme poverty taking it back to medieval plague level?
Legends surround the Himalayas' Skeleton Lake, where hundreds of skeletons, some killed by blunt force, are strewn about at 16,000 feet above sea level. A new analysis deepens the mystery. Instead of dying all at once, the people died over 1,000 years and, strangely, came from far-off regions.
VIP Pedophiles in Australia, as exposed by victim Fiona Barnett
What do you think you guys would find underneath the house?
What exactly is SV17q?
William Barr Should Recuse Himself in Jeffrey Epstein Investigation and Case.
Fluoridated Water During Pregnancy to Lower IQs Been saying this for years....
RBG died in 2018
Royalty Does Not Buy Underage Prostitutes... Our Butlers Do...
RFK Jr's granddaughter died in her sleep a couple weeks ago. She had Colombama in her left eye.
An Experiment for the curious.
Gaddafi and Libya the truth you are not supposed to know.
Vince Foster died July 20, 1993 while serving as Bill Clinton’s Deputy White House Counsel
President Ronald Reagan helped by MAFIA to get to White House
Gaddafi and Libya the truth you are not supposed to know.
Opened a notebook, that was wrapped in plastic, and found this. WHAT DOES IT MEAN??
Everything is Getting Worse
The man that ruled Jefferey Epstein’s death a suicide also gave a testimony in the O.J case and investigated the JFK and MLK assassinations 🤔🤔
False flag attack on the USS Liberty, with the intent to pull the United States into another war. (1967)
Theory: The current fires in the Amazon rainforest are deliberate
An unexpected twist: El Paso shooter, Patrick Crusius' dad is a PTSD councilor who does work for the VA. He may have counseled Eddie Ray Routh. Seems to be a New Age nut
Is that Harvey Weinstein standing next to Bill?
So, there's totally is a Reddit agenda isn't there, and they're probably selling our info too?
An unexpected twist: El Paso shooter, Patrick Crusius' dad is a PTSD councilor who does work for the VA. He may have counseled Eddie Ray Routh. Seems to be a New Age nut
Why did CBS single out Bill Gates as the only high-profile passenger on the flights?
Gaddafi the truth you are not supposed to know, he turned one of the poorest countries in Africa Libya, into THE richest by nationalising the banks and natural resources. Every successful form of socialism (the third position/national socialism) gets sabotaged by you know (((who)))
Lakewood NJ
An unexpected twist: El Paso shooter, Patrick Crusius' dad is a PTSD councilor who does work for the VA. He may have counseled Eddie Ray Routh. Seems to be a New Age nut
Censorship Wave in US.
There is a conspiracy to get you to hate yourself and your neighbour.
"Study: Survivors of servicemembers who commit suicide should get full benefits". They should. Being in the military causes the PTSD which in turn creates the suicidal thoughts in my opinion. What's worse is that suicide attempts are still criminally punishable in the military. So if you survive..
Former Aussie PM Paul Keating's daughter pictured leaving Epstein's house. Paul Keating has long been accused of flying out young boys to his "pig farm".
"China has taken over the United States" - Alex Jones
The prototypical Jesus figure is this guy, but he's also that guy, and probably a few more guys.
Naomi Campbell's VERY rum chums: As the fiery model is unexpectedly honoured for her philanthropy, how she has sometimes rubbed shoulders with a hair-raising cast of characters from Harvey Weinstein to Jeffrey Epstein and Kevin Spacey — Flavio Briatore also mentioned here
An unexpected twist: El Paso shooter, Patrick Crusius' dad is a PTSD councilor who does work for the VA. He may have counseled Eddie Ray Routh. Seems to be a New Age nut
ICYM the post from earlier today, this excellent video explains how we have fallen so far as a culture, of course people like Jeffrey Epstein existed. Why are we feigning moral indignation, while we accept films like Good Boys to begin with?
Legendary investor Ron Baron doesn’t believe Jeffrey Epstein committed suicide
Not exactly a conspiracy but in the same vein and this should be spread
Kathleen Petrocco, a CO victims advocate, found dead last month. Sister believes it is not suicide. She was romantically involved with a district attorney.
Killer cop who shared a cell with Epstein and who Epstein claimed roughed him up on July 23 requests move to a different jail after 'guards threatened him' with 'if he shares info on the facility or how Epstein committed suicide there will be a price to pay'
Palestinian Authority Bans Activities by Gay Rights Group — Meanwhile Israel allows transgender people to serve in their military while Palestine threatens to arrest them. Who is really oppressing who?
Epstein Friend/Lover Naomi Campbell's House: Shades Of Pedo Island !
Targeted Individuals Solved
Conspiracy theorists (aka critical thinkers) are terrorists according to the FBI. r/conspiracy is now at the gallows of Reddit censorship. Will it survive?
How much of these do you know about?
Rothschilds &amp; NXIVM Sex Cult Connected to Alleged Child-Trafficking Bunker Found in Tucson!
Sad State of Affairs
Epstein Suicide/Murder Poll
Why don't people believe the "Illuminati" is a real thing even though their symbol is plastered all over our money?
Monsanto does not like this book
Was the Matrix script stolen?
This guy is Accusing scientologists of colluding with Epstein
Epstein Known Children?
Next Top Model scout Jean-Luc Brunel flew poor 12-year-old triplets in from France as a BIRTHDAY PRESENT for Jeffrey Epstein to abuse, unsealed documents claim
Clarify PLEASE!!! EPSTEIN SECRET PASSPORT
They want access to your kids... 🌈
Repost Kaio-ken times ten!!! Conspiracy theorists (aka critical thinkers) are terrorists!
Is JonBenét Ramsey An Epstein Victim?
Looking for a post from last night
Nicole Kidman’s father killed in Singapore
Twitter is testing a new feature that allows people to control the conversation under their tweets.
According to the findings of the Church Committee in the mid 1970s, the CIA had connections with foreign authors everywhere to sway domestic and foreign opinion against communism. Do you think the famous Cold War era book, The God That Failed, may be a CIA-sponsored or funded publication?
Drag Queen Story Hour
Since this is one of the more non-polarized subs on Reddit, I thought I’d leave this here.
The Perplexed Podcast Live Stream - Epstein
Why did the CIA, and in general the United States federal government seek to topple communist governments and sway public opinion against communism?
Next Top Model scout Jean-Luc Brunel flew poor 12-year-old triplets in from France as a BIRTHDAY PRESENT for Jeffrey Epstein to abuse, unsealed documents claim
For those researching the Ghislane Maxwell photo set: Confirmed STAGED with her attourney. NYP and other outlets LIED about the context
Trump: Any Jew voting Democratic is uninformed or disloyal
New footage of Epstein trying to hang himself in cell...
Best non political conspiracy podcast?
The Family on Netflix
Stop race and ethnicity mixing !
When doctors are put in charge and not the parent: You have to ask- do we really live in a free society?
With the Katy Perry talk I thought..banning or at least the regulating of cattle on regards to climate change it seems to be either a weapon used in the war or the war itself is against masculinity. From guns to red meat to #metoo to good out gas guzzling muscle cars. Or too far out of the box?
First-ever study of athlete biomarker data shows 18% of pros use blood doping to cheat. The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) uses the same test and catches just 2%. No one is talking about this so I made a video about it.
Congressional Hearing for Wikipedia
Epstein shadowing Assange?
The real reason people commit mass shootings
I can’t help but think this bizarre, blindingly stupid stunt Trump is pulling with Greenland is an attempted distraction from Jeff Epstein..... and it might work. This can’t be serious.
I got banned from r/marvelsrudios because I posted what was wrong with END GAME, it made no sense... and they banned me for saying it... smells like a conspiracy to hide the lame flaws of their movie....
The Universal S: found in the painting The Ambassadors, circa 1533
Reading the comments...
Epsteins’ will was signed two days before “suicide”. In that will, his money is said to be put into a mysterious trust called “The 1953 Trust”
Dr Robert Epstein testimony on Google election influencing.
Argentine peso - the government's made money VERSUS Gold - God's money = rising prices in the supermarket.
Epstein's Former Cellmate Begs Judge For Transfer To Another Jail
Six years ago I remember reading about this secret Hotel Room. How many others are out there ?
People consider this subreddit full of hard-on crazies that 'overthink' conspiracies constantly. Help??
looking for a good documentary on the CIA
Area 51 Facebook Event Mysteriously Disappears
Trump: Jews Who Vote for Democrats Are ‘Disloyal’
Reddit is this woman on CNN: "The greatest terrorist group in this country are white men. White men who think like you." Racism is the last card the ideologically bankrupt have to play, and it's almost played out with how comical people like this are starting to look.
Jail guards threatening former Epstein cell mate Nicholas Tartaglione. They told him to “shut up”, “stop talking” &amp; “stop complaining”. “The corrections officers know he has information potentially very damaging to the very people now charged w guarding him or their coworkers”. HE’LL GET KILLED!
Why was the alien-hub website shut down?
Epstein conspirators Indyke and Kahn sued today; Zero news coverage.
09/11 and the number 11
Bill cooper’s Behold a Pale Horse
3 weeks the Amazon has been burning and I had no idea.
Do people really still believe slaves built the pyramids?😂
Steven Pinker's aid in Jeffrey Epstein's legal defense also was Stephen paddocks psychologist hmmmmmmm
Are there really any good people within the ranks of the elite?
Why is the United States still hiding information about the JFK assassination?
Zio-Lobby Makes Politician Apologize for 'Dual Loyalty Trope'
Can anyone suggest good conspiracy channels on YouTube?
Twitter Shuts Down 200000 Chinese Accounts for Spreading Disinformation About Hong Kong Protests
No, Wi-Fi is not a “silent killer”
"They are doing X so we don't notice Y". A conspiracy to create conspiracies out of ignorance.
Epstein w Robert F. Kennedy Jr. &amp; his girlfriend architect Marie Richardson in 1998. This photo is scrubbed from the internet! I took a screenshot from a YouTube video. Caption on this says “the stories &amp; gossip about Epstein are shocking”. They knew he was a pedo back then! Jeffrey stole art too
No Choice™ has developed the worlds best protection against 5G. Covers all vital organs from emf radiation and brain from manipulation. Also very stylish. Lmk what you think...🤔🤔
PizzaGate 🍕 Fortnite?
Something is definitely happening soon . What’s your guys thoughts
Processed food disease. Good science backing it up. Love you guys &lt;3
Fifteen studies by researchers in China have been retracted this month due to suspicions they used organs from executed prisoners. Amnesty International calls China's use of the death penalty – which is believed to be the highest in the world - 'horrifying'.
Proof of Climate Change and Sea Level Rise
Sleep apnea is a fake disease so women don't have to listen to their husband's snore.
Anyone think the amount of potential mass shooters being arrested lately is a bit suspicious?
Tipster Claims Trump Tax Audit Interference
DNA cloning throughout history?
The real meaning behind the art found in Maxwell's home
Irish man pokes hole in official Holocaust story
They don't even consider us the same species as them
Las Vegas Shooter Stephen Paddock Ran CIA Child Trafficking Ring - there may be ties with Epstein (paradise ranch)
Texas: Indignation after the black felt pen punishment of an African-American high school student
I'm a supposed Neo-Nazi that was arrested in Miami. It might be a false flag
Monsanto Paid Google To Bury Unfavorable Glyphosate News
NASA Preparing For 'Colossal God Of Chaos' Asteroid To Arrive In 10 Years, Elon Musk Says 'We Have No Defense'
Astronomy and Astrophysics Journal has their impact factor adjusted down an order of magnitude by Google because they publish actual science that goes against the consensus view
FotoForensics=learn everything about a photo check tutorial out, research photos
DAE casually wanna die as you go down the rabbit hole(s)?
enticing, rabbit hole conspiracy?
I think shootings are much more common than we realize and they get pushed and become more popularized whenever there needs to be a distraction
Why degrade information by calling it conspiracy?
Twitter pushing the pedo agenda
....and freedom vanishes...
The CIA Monitors Discord Chat Rooms – Updated with more information! — Snelgraphix: Designing Minds
The Fallen Cherub's Kingdom Under The Indian Ocean (18+)
Reddit live stream
Tinfoil hat time.
Uh huh. Ok. I’m sure. Lmao. What an absolute fucking joke. Not a single person is buying this. Now he supposedly changed his will right before he died? O-fucking-k. This has gone to the point to where I feel physically exhausted that the Elite can just do whatever they please with no consequence.
Other half of photo (see previous post)
What are you trying to tell us? (PART 1 of photo)
Jeffrey Epstein signed will 2 days before jail suicide
Can We Talk About Conspiracies, Locally? (Yes, this considerably undermines the Trump regime, makes the legitimate case for impeachment, and reinvigorates intrigue into the real gangsters that put him to power.)
There were 189,000 heroin users in the US in 2001, before the US-NATO invasion of Afghanistan. By 2016 that number went up to 4,500,000 (2.5 million heroin addicts and 2 million casual users).
THE FALLEN CHERUB'S KINGDOM UNDER THE INDIAN OCEAN (18+)
Western banks reaping billions from Colombian cocaine trade.
New Conspiracy: John Oliver disses AT&amp;T in every episode of his show in order to sponsor AT&amp;T and get them airtime on HBO
Federal U.S. District Court Judge Christopher Cooper orders FBI probe into Clinton Spy and dossier author Christopher Steele
A Thought: The FEMA camps we so widely heard about at onetime was in perpetration for the 'Immigration Crisis.'
Little known fact: buried in the NIST WTC report are pictures and a description of a white hot metal fire at the NE corner of WTC2. Yep. Burning metal...
Time magazine article questioning water fluoridation
Reporter went quiet after this. Crazy this didnt get traction in 2017 by MSM...
"I know what America is. America is a thing you can move very easily, move it in the right direction. They won't get in our way."
I stumbled across 3 identical stories from around the world on snapchat maps - anyone know if this is just people messing around or something genuine?
Why is no one talking about the leaked Google documents?
TIL of a popular theory that the Watergate break-in implicating Nixon was to get information about a CIA blackmail operation and prostitution ring with elites in the DC area
Humans Are Needed
NCES is the first technology company to expose deviations in data due to the Mandela Effect
I think Robert Epstein is starting to show suicidal symptoms guys
Anyone know about NASA project LUCIFER?
Recommendations for reliable news sources?
The actual narrative of epstein is to look the responsabilities of the guards, prison chief etc for leave him alone. But he has dirt on a prince of england an ex us president etc. Everyone knows that this kind of people had insurance in case of their dead, all the info will be publish and it wasn’t.
Alert: major activity and World News Update August 20, 2019.
One of the women at Epstein's house with Prince Andrew was Australian Prime Minister's daughter
Is the Bible as we know it a Roman Catholic forgery?
I Have Had A Revelation About "Good" Religion (It's A Scam, Part Of Dialectic Two-Sided Coin) - Good And Bad Were Co-Created, And Have Co-Existed (Major Context For Conspiracy World View)
Tulsi cheated out of next debate
Hillary Clinton had every single one of her emails being forwarded to China.
Researching HAARP and Geo-engineering
"How Apple updates slow your old iPhone down, pushing you towards a new iPhone."-A 4 year review in the gullibility of the masses
[Meta] The conspiracy community needs to attack. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
FBI SHATTERS HILLARY’S SHIELD, REVEALS SECRET'this will remain important in the weeks to come, as a tranche of newly unsealed documents provided lurid details about her alleged abuse of young girls.
Hillary Clinton had everyone single one of her emails being forwarded to China.
The US army is spending half a billion dollars to train soldiers in underground tunnels.
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it". -Aristotle.
Ghislaine Maxwell STAGED photos! (For nefarious reasons)
Ghislaine Maxwell STAGED photos! (For nefarious reasons)
The Wall Street's bonuses of 2014 could double the pay for all of America's minimum wage workers.
Epstein's Brother MARK Epstein
We are all exploiters like Jeffrey Epstein and the real conspiracy is to distract our simulation constantly from the fact we're selfish and rotten to the core
Jay-Z will hire Colin Kaepernick to Pay on his new NFL team
Who is the man wearing the black hat?
Time is just a creation by the calendar industry to sell more calendars.
The real definition of Epsteined: To be blatantly lied to and do nothing about it.
There will always be a Jeff Epstein.
Why is no media sources talking about the Amazon Rainforest burning down for the last 3 weeks?
!!Π!! The real polio virus, a fictional, man made disease, onset by insecticides and environmental factors, badly misdiagnosed, and used to scare people into vaccinating and believing vaccines worked !!Π!!
Katy Perry faces her third allegations of sexual misconduct
Brazilian Evangelical Churches are a branch of the organized crime
!!Π!! (The polio virus, a fictional, man made disease, onset by insecticides and environmental factors, badly misdiagnosed, and used to scare people into vaccinating and believing vaccines worked !!Π!!
Yikes
Polio, the fictional, man made disease, onset by insecticides and environmental factors, badly misdiagnosed, and used to scare people into vaccinating and believing vaccines worked.
Is “The Family”(the secret Christian organisation) the real version of Assassins Creed’s Templars?
Area 51
Russia nuclear accident: Why have four nuclear monitoring stations gone eerily silent after the explosion?
Piers Morgan: the left have become unbearable
The FDA and the Case of Ketek
#PrayForAmazonia Goes Viral as Twitter Users Call Attention to 'International Emergency' of Fires Devastating Brazil's Rainforest
The murder of Andrew Harper, a young UK Police Officer is being used as there are talks to arm the Police before a no deal Brexit
Trump is afraid of something..?
Another big city getting 5g. Phila
What was the cause of the comment blackout that occurred last night? Multiple boards were affected from what I heard including this one.
Just coincidence ¯\_(ツ)_/¯¯
Coordinated attack on White Men. One of the most ridiculous Last Week Tonight With John Oliver Videos. "Bias in Medicine"
Seth Rich murder wasn’t investigated by the FBI but the NSA says it’s a national security issue
Alicia Arden reported Epstein sexually assaulted her in 1997 and no charges ever came of it, she “strongly denies” police claims that she “did not want to press charges”. Cover up after cover up.
Epstein, Jean-Luc Brunel, Epstein's Brother, Ray Chandler
Did the Roman Catholic Church secretly forced Hebrew leaders into switching their genuine ancient secret texts with the Catholic Old Testament?
You have to be around of mind to sign a will. I don't buy it.
Any fans of anime/manga here?
EPSTEIN, JEAN-LUC BRUNEL, EPSTEIN'S BROTHER, RAY CHANDLER
If r/conspiracy could explain what they think of Qanon these days, how would you guys go about it?
Shouldn’t there be a law against reckless opioid sales? Turns out, there is. However, the number of Americans who died each year from a drug overdose while taking prescription painkillers or methadone soared from fewer than 3,500 in 1999 to more than 17,000 in 2017.
Bernie Sanders calls for a ban on police use of facial recognition
former editor in chief of Psychology Today: "In 2020 there are 15 million votes on the line that can be shifted."
5 Conspiracy Theories Which Led to Crimes Being Committed
Pam Beasley has a secret life. Second husband. Cheating on Jim. Intro to S5 Ep5 Pam has an engagement ring on. Jim hasn’t proposed yet...
Shocking Testimony: Google &amp; Facebook Can/Did Manipulate Up +10 Million Voters using Deceptive Search Methods, Targeted "GoVote" Reminders, Etc. "The Methods that they're using are... SUBLIMINAL" ~ Dr. Robert Epstein
The Death Note exists in real life, and it’s in their hands
Mysterious 85 Mile Long Underwater Wall Or Barrier In Found In Antarctic
Information of at least 4 child sex rings being used for political blackmail in the United States from before 1950, some include the C.I.A. covert operations. It explains how the children are kidnapped, abused and branded then become used to compromise politicians for blackmail.
Alex Jones was right again!
What's that grid? NEWLY DISCOVERED In Antarctica Ancient City In the Sor Rondanes.- Start at 1:00 Before/After
Attorney General William P. Barr Appoints New Leadership Team At The Bureau Of Prisons ~ Too late?
People In Colorado Are Using Legal Marijuana To Replace Prescription Drugs Says a new study. Headlines like these has big Pharmas wheels spinning. As soon as Pharmas lobbyist tell the feds to reschedule or legalize,they will lose money in the Green Rush that’s gaining steam.
Jeff Epstein: Patsy
Journalist in Kubrick’s Eyes Wide Shut also Got “Epstein” Body Photos
Them: Possibilities of Controlled Human Development
What’s going on? Now Hilary Clinton is “slamming trump” for believing this?
Fact check: obama DID seperate families (politifact lied)
UFO pictures I took 10 years ago around Mt. Rainier, WA in broad daylight
Remember that time on Oprah when a Jewish Woman came out claiming her family has been ritualistically sacrificing children for decades? I do
The Royal Seal of Protection
Leaked Audio Shows Oil Lobbyist Bragging About Success in Criminalizing Pipeline Protests
Organized users attempting to get subs banned
Here's one way to meditate to help manifest peace on Earth and the Great awakening
They put stimulants and aphrodisiac’s in “grape” or “purple” flavored drinks.
So why are women being stripped of their titles and disqualified from the Ms. America Pageant if they are not a democrat?
United We Stand
Video showing Epstein leaving with a young girl, followed by Prince Andrew seeing a girl out of the same building
Warning about Facebook/Libra
A grassroots pedophile ring in the area
No Dreamers in Israel. Israelis deporting Filipino families living in Israel for decades. Many have Israeli born children who speak only Hebrew.
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood.... Tarantino sucked on a little girls toes.
There could be a lot of good come out of red flag laws but I can see this leading to a 1984-esque government. Thoughts?
The army is a trap
They’re installing 5g in Phila.
Leaked Audio Shows Oil Lobbyist Bragging About Success in Criminalizing Pipeline Protests
Faux news vs actual news
"...she tells them about how Epstein exposed himself to her when they were kids. ...not able to bring themselves to the point of beating up an old, decrepit Epstein, Danny and Matthew trash his car in the parking lot." -Plot of a 2017 Netflix movie
Sand is actually man-made. Someone put rocks in a grinder and did all the beaches in the world.
Remember that time on Oprah when a Jewish Woman came out claiming that her Family has been sacrificing babies to Moloch for generations? I do
Katherine Keating’s (woman pictured waving goodbye to Prince Andrew at Epstein’s pad in 2010) new boss, Guy Oseary, pictured here at a fundraiser for the Israeli Defence Force in 2014.
Devout Catholic Papal Knight Jefferson Caffery, behind the scenes in the 1928 United Fruit Banana Massacre in Colombia
General Electric - Bigger Fraud than Enron?
This is how easy it is to fabricate a fake video (that goes viral)
As he chokes up in tears, former child sex slave shows America's Most Wanted where the cabal kept him.
Katherine Keating’s (Woman pictured waving goodbye to Prince Andrew at Epstein’s pad in 2010) new boss pictured at a fundraiser for Friends of the IDF (Israeli Defence Forces) in 2014
Coca-Cola advert for gay tolerance prompts boycott call in Hungary
The Shareholder Value Myth | Lynn Stout, Cornell University
The official UK (NHS) vaccine safety page gets reviewed, debunked and taken to pieces, proving it is no more than propaganda and misinformation
Trump, QAnon and an impending judgment day: Behind the Facebook-fueled rise of The Epoch Times
The official UK (NHS) vaccine safety page gets reviewed and taken to pieces, proving it is no more than propaganda and misinformation
Prince Andrew apparently waves goodbye to Katherine Keating, daughter of Aussie ex-PM, who also directed a video in which Ghislaine Maxwell was interviewed.
Xpost from /r/Cringetopia - welcome to the new world, kiddos.
Mark Epstein, Ossa Properties &amp; Joyce Anderson
Was 8chan taken down to prevent Q discussion of Epstein's death?
People use religion as an excuse of a scapegoat. People eat up that excuse bashing the religion they're apart of, and NOT the mental illness of the man behind it.
60 Minutes - American Girls in Paris - 1988 - Models already openly accusing Brunel of rape as well as presenting them to his powerful friends.
A different take on the recent Flouride study.
Jeffrey Epstein $577 million will listing was signed days before his alleged suicide death in a Manhattan prison cell.
This is how easy it is to fabricate a fake video (that goes viral)
Washington Post editor calls Sanders claim about campaign coverage a 'conspiracy theory'
60 minute episode talking about model agencies in Paris in 1986 with girls already accusing Jean Luc Brunel of rape and to present them to his powerful friends.
Study Links Fluoridated Water During Pregnancy to Lower IQs: “When we started in this field, we were told that fluoride is safe and effective in pregnancy. But when we looked for the evidence to suggest that it’s safe, we didn’t find any studies done on pregnant women.”
Words Have Meaning - Universe
Epstein Family
Huawei frying our brains?
Former Australian prime minister Paul Keating's daughter Katherine 'was at Jeffrey Epstein's lair'
Quick reminder of who build Comet Ping Pong of James Alefantis
Saw this on twitter this morning
So much for having Location Services turned off
Get her a home!
The global warming hoax rests on the '97% of scientists agree' lie. This was completely disproven a decade ago
Epstein Created Trust With $578 Million Days Before Suicide
Controversial study links fluoride in water to lower IQ
Who is Nicole Junkermann and what is her connection to Jeffery Epstein?
Google’s CEO Sundar Pichai knowingly Lied to Congress, which is a felony crime… when will tech CEOs be subjected to armed government raids?
If world powers wanted Epstein gone, why did they wait until he was behind bars to do it?
Epstein's Closest Associate Found Dead Just Before Releasing Blackbook Containing Epstein's Secrets
Breaking! Sack Looms for Bureau of Prisons Chief over Jeffrey Epstein’s suicide - Political Reviews
The global warming hoax rests on the '97% of scientists agree' lie. This was completely disproven a decade ago
9/11 Milestone: Building 7 Study to Be Released September 3 by Alaska Fairbanks and AE911truth
Society Is Witnessing Yet Another Scapegoat Ritual
I've discovered that I am in the Matrix
Society Is Witnessing Yet Another Scapegoat Ritual - Rant by Melissa from Truthstream Media.
Twitter bans ‘state media’ from advertising… and guess who decides how they are defined
Is it possible that voter fraud is the real reason behind illegal aliens being allied a License in NY and Cali?
Is there any way to find out if this is real?
Hitchens being honest about Hillary Clinton
Regime Change Propaganda: National Geographic’s ‘Documentary’ on Syria
Long “Blind” Item About Ghislaine Maxwell from Hmmmm of CDAN fame
What's the benefit to keeping Epstein alive?
Sketchy numbers?
Attorney General Barr orders removal of acting US prisons director after Epstein's death
Pot laws guarantee Donald Trump’s second term.
Black people were sneezing I saw this trust me please 😳🥵😳😳😳
Julian Assange is going to die. And you're not gonna do shit about it.
Another Hong kong officer attempting to to take an eye out.
The black people are not actually real. They are robots controlled by Mexicans to subdue us and make us feel like family guy bad and smelly. So stink a people and I will
Do you recommend any conspiracy podcast?
No caption needed
Why are the Feminists/SJW/MSM Not Outraged w/ Epstein Case?
Where can I get the original printing of "Behold A Pale Horse" by William Cooper?
Local paper is running an investigation into wide spread sexual abuse within The Boys and Girls Clubs all across America. How is this happening in this day and age? Trust no one.
So, you're telling me that they couldn't connect the dots?
Indian Space Program theories?
Epstein: Black Book Names (LIST) | Journey Chronicle in Letters and Science
Why do I have followers?
Bill Clinton Trying to sneak into bed with Hillary after a late night of fuckin underage hookers
#29leaks: someone leaked 15 years' worth of data from London's most notorious shell-company factory
I'm a protester
Little did you know....
the big scaldal
Any theories on The Chappaquiddick Incident?
Federal Reserve. Not Federal. No Reserves.
Bill Gates Wants to Block Out The Sun 🤷‍♂️
My Playlist of Elite Human Trafficking/Satanic Ritual Abuse Testimonials. This needs to be shown now more than ever.
Explanation of Epstein's Trafficking Ring and the Secret Wealthy Fetish of Taking Advantage of Innocent Young People
Kira from Death Note exists in real life
While Epstein was epstein’d, was anyone aware that the Amazon Rainforest has apparently been burning away for 2 weeks straight?
Just out of curiosity, if “Storm Area 51” really happens on September 20, 2019. What do you think is the best way to go about it? Personally, I wouldn’t even dare trying it. The US is not to mess with. But if you were actually planning to take part in this, what’s your strategy? I’m curious... Lol
WHO OWNS THE MEDIA? *REUPLOAD* (taken off YouTube after only a few hrs)
What exactly did Epstein offer to Acosta for his - shhh..?
The Food Industry runs conspiracy campaigns for their chemical ingredients
JFK speech, opposed to secret societies!
My Playlist of Elite Human Trafficking/Satanic Ritual Abuse Testimonials. This needs to be shown now more than ever.
(Columbus Dispatch, 7-31-2015) 'Les Wexner cuts $500,000 check for Jeb Bush'
Help me choose a conspiracy!!
"Visual Snow"
When "victims" Rule: How Jews exploit American institutions and why you aren't allowed to criticise Them.
Epstein, AirBNB, ICE, and Antifascism: An Anarchist Newsreel
Would anyone like a dose of Visual Snow?https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_snow
[Daily beast] Study Links Fluoridated Water During Pregnancy to Lower IQs
When Victims Rule: Jewish Pre-Eminence in America and their Double Standard
It's not the removal of freedom of speech, but this is definitely a subtle form of censorship
Epstein, AirBNB, ICE, and Antifascism: An Anarchist Newsreel
[Theory] Epstein’s death has devalued the Clinton name, Google search “The Clintons” and it’s rife with conspiracy now.
Thoughts???
Kundalini Awakening Process
Are You A Human Being Or Just A Programmable Life Form?
Prince Andrew hosted Epstein at Balmoral in Scotland.
PragerU v. YouTube (Publisher or Public Forum)
Tucker Carlson Tonight 8/19/19 FULL | Breaking Fox News August 19, 2019 - FFWD to 5:45
Actually goise, it's a Christian conspiracy. That's why we're allowed to reveal the whole shadowy network on netflix with zero consequences.
Something to Research?
The Jesuit connection to the Du Pont dye-patent heist after World War 1--Francis P. Garvan
How interesting...
The second US civil war has already started
Whitney Webb Exposes Epstein/Maxwell CIA Mossad Ties
Quote by Italian Marxist Gramsci on subverting Western civilisation into a communist dictatorship through control over the means of Cultural production
Many here seem to be confused about Jeff Epstein’s connections to the science community. Epstein was a transhumanist. The transhumanist agenda doesn’t get enough criticism on this sub... but it’s likely inevitable. Da Vinci code author Dan Brown wrote a book about it in 2013 called Inferno.
United States ex rel. Gerald Mayo v. Satan and His Staff, 54 F.R.D. 282 (W.D.Pa. 1971),[1] was a federal court case in which a prisoner filed a lawsuit against Satan and his servants in United States District Court.[2] It was dismissed on procedural grounds.
Thanks for banning me Reddit!
Something very fucked up is happening on Reddit right now... posts are being submitted &amp; comments are only showing up in inboxes... not in the threads. Is effecting every sub I’ve checked so far!
Royalty, ex Presidents, current presidents and fuck knows who else rubbing elbows with notorious pedophiles and sex traffickers. Fuck all these power hungry child molestors and their enablers.
Any insight into the kill or be killed marine psi op conspiracy
Mystery of the shot down F-16
Anyone notice how Bernie Sanders' name is being promoted in a positive light all over the media lately?
Well folks. This sub is a corpse, no free expression of ideas here anymore. Where are we going now? Respond via sort: New &gt; self.post titles.
Many here seem to be confused about Jeff Epstein’s connections to the science community. Epstein was a transhumanist. The transhumanist agenda doesn’t get enough criticism on this sub... but it’s likely inevitable. Da Vinci code author Dan Brown wrote a book about it in 2013 called Inferno.
United States ex rel. Gerald Mayo v. Satan and His Staff, 54 F.R.D. 282 (W.D.Pa. 1971),[1] was a federal court case in which a prisoner filed a lawsuit against Satan and his servants in United States District Court.[2] It was dismissed on procedural grounds.
The Frankfurt School of Cultural Marxism has an invisible stranglehold over every single Western country and University.
Damage control in full swing.
MainstreamKillaz MSK Kills MSM - Expose Vet Reveal MSBullshit Tricks Occult in Music Movies Ads TV Anything Mainstream Conspiracies Cyberpunk HIGH MAGIC(K) Dark Humor! Non-Affiliated NO ADS EVER Looking for Mods &amp; Contributors
Possible Stalinist Russian infiltration of Reddit?
HD tv is a lie
Jeffrey Epstein signed will 2 days before suicide, report says
Don't Be Fooled Citizens
Testing testing 123
Comments shadowbanned in TD and Conspiracy. Reddit's Chicom globalist masters are getting worried
Something damning is coming out, because Chicom funded Reddit mods are shadowbanning all comments in TD
Each and every comment is being removed for each and every post. It's only happening in /r/conspiracy. Weird times.
Each and every comment is being removed for each and every post. Weird times.
I'm new here so bare with my low level question lol.
All comments being censored?
Use Dissenter to communicate while reddit comments are broken.
Hello, tinfoil hatters, i am Gojifan9000, but call me the Debunker.
Every sub
A scientific case against "veridical" reality as we know it
Unable to see comments. This sub only. What gives?
Collusion between public health and Pharma to hide vx harm and target Wakefield occurred. BMJ lowered itself to tabloid fodder.
My "SS" statements keep getting removed and then my posts get taken down.
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 2/?
A sub that's "dedicated to providing credible information and a space for discussion about the crimes of Jeffrey Epstein." It's got 12,000 followers and growing. I'm guessing it'll grow significantly. Check out some of the posts. - /r/Epstein
Is it a conspiracy?
The occult significance of Money, Sex, and Power.
Was David Carradine murdered because he was into something? His death was ruled a Suicide even though the laceration on his neck was so big it looked like fowl play..
Agrippa (Book of the dead)
A guy says anyone will be able to turn $50 into $100 million in the near future, and the same happened Germany after WW2. What was the economic event in Germany?
Ex-Banker Ronald Bernard, Blowing Whistle on Satanic Elite.
Black Physics Occult - Science 101
[Meta] What's going on with the sub? Why are all the comments missing?
Is anyone else seeing static at the top of all or the subs they subscribe to? I can't get comments. And I'm only seeing a static Livestream at the top.
A sub that's "dedicated to providing credible information and a space for discussion about the crimes of Jeffrey Epstein." It's got 12,000 followers and growing. I'm guessing it'll grow significantly. I for one am subscribing.
Epstein served 13 months in custody in Florida 2008-2009. He was allowed to purchase female underwear too small for the average adult female. He had a special work-release program allowing him to walk out of prison up to 16 hours per day. It’s clear his special treatment worked well in Manhattan.
Prosecutors move to drop Jeffrey Epstein’s charges, but vow to keep investigating
I can’t post shit anymore
Las Vegas Shooting Videos Taken off of YouTube...
Modern Music, Brainwashing, &amp; the Luciferian Doctrine
Prince Andrew is the tip of the royal iceberg
Google's new image search makes it harder to see details in images - now they are displayed small
Real bruh moment
Don’t forget Dan Schneider
Draining the swamp one pedophile at a time.
Draining the swamp one pedophile at a time.
Is Ellen connected to Epstein in some way? Or is this just a creepy coincidence?
Epstein Ear Discrepancies?
BREAKING: Disney whistleblower told SEC the company inflated revenue for years
Epstein Ear Structure Discrepancies?
Ask any older teacher. They'll tell you something's up.
NUTS: The Truth About George Washington Carver
What if, not Epstein?
WTC Building 7 study to be released Sept. 3
Epstein created 577 Million Dollar trust two days before his death
Asking strangers in Hollywood; did Hilary kill Jeffrey Epstein?
New movie called Ready Not Ready.
Do you guys think Hong Kong government officials and high profile people are illegitimately using ambulances to get around because the protesters get out of their way?
Well would ya look at that..
Nibiru/Planet X &amp; Pole Shift/Magnetic Reversal evidence..
Jeffrey Epstein signed new will just two days before he died
Latest Google Document Dump Reveals Google's True Motives PROOF
MDMA: Another beneficial drug with so many possible treatment uses demonized by MSM and Big Pharma.
Pedophile rings are nothing new. Check out this new piece from Greg Reese featuring Clinton era congressional testimony
I swear these reporters must just lurk this sub for all the hot leads.
You are poor.
Crickets: There has been no new news I can find on Peter Bright aka Dr. Pizza since his arrest.
YOU ARE POOR
I saw the post on the left, went and searched, found the interview and it has 100,000 views less on twitter than 7 hours before
Oswald
I was naturally skeptical before (as we all would be, we're theorists) but now I'm 100% a convert! Cyber security course appears in my Reddit ads after discussing an internal work online course with a colleague at work last night. YOUR PHONE LISTENS.
Ted Gunderson Asking Bill Barr and Robert Swan Mueller III to Look into FBI Obstruction Involving Child Trafficking/Abduction Rings
EVIDENCE OF PLANET X &amp; THE COMING MAGNETIC REVERSAL
Epstein Autopsy: Dr. Cyril Wecht is not buying that this was a suicide. - YouTube
The vast majority of chairs are designed to give you back pain.
Alex Jones Predicts 9/11 in July 2001. Just to remind you how futile trying to expose conspiracy is.
The US should consider Hong Kong.
Breaking News : Major Battle Tonight In Khan Sheikhun Syria WW3?
The "G. Maxwell" amazon account seems to have been sending codes messages for 7 years now.
Do you guys think the Dale Earnhardt plane crash was to further distract us from Epstein?
7 Steps to Attracting Wealth | How To Attract Wealth Using The Secret And The Law Of Attraction
What do the elite know?
Please subscribe to r/Epstein
When I heard the airport spokesman on the radio today announcing yet ANOTHER "closing" of multiple terminals for "construction" so only "minimal TSA screening gates" over the busy season, I thought you HAVE to be kidding me. Nice scam dudes.
Jeffrey Epstein shipped $100K cement truck to 'Pedophile Island' three weeks before damning expose was released, paying for machine up front so it would arrive quicker, as experts say he could have 'literally covered up evidence'
Flouride in water supply lowers IQ of kids - New Study - 610 participants
I’m not surprised
Can We Talk About Conspiracies, Locally? (Yes, this considerably undermines the Trump regime, makes the legitimate case for impeachment, and reinvigorates intrigue into the real gangsters that put him to power.)
HEATHER O’ROURKE - WTF HAPPENED?
The establishment is testing us with conspiracies to see how far they can go
Space Relations, a book about sex trafficking and child rape written by Epsteins mentor and Donald Barr (AKA the head of the FBI's father)
Antitrust Subcommittee Chairman Congressman Cicilline received 4 personal donations from Amazon execs shortly before Amazon’s hearing in front of Congress..pertaining to antitrust
Kennedy, Oswald, Rose Cherami and now Epstein
Conspiracy Shower Thought
Paedophiles In Parliament-2018 Documentary about alleged pedophilia epidemic in the UK Parliament
After seeing the Dave Chappelle trailer about his Netflix standup (where he was wearing long skirt like shirt) I remembered seeing this interesting symbol at his intro of "The Bird Revelation"
So we've seen tens, hundreds, and millions of people protesting what would happen if hundreds of millions protest?
Is this the genuine message that poor Guislaine Maxwell tries to send to the world?
Conspiracy Shower Thought
Using 5g millimeter waves to see?
i want to go home
AdBlock for suspicious accounts. ModBot to announce suspicious features of accounts.
"Social Progress..." What the fuck?
Let's just quote the last sentence... ".. the present authors have taken up the study in 257 cases of hanging, 7 cases of ligature strangulation and 5 cases of throttling to notice that hyoid bone fracture is nil or very rare in hanging where as it is very common in both forms of strangulation."
Reddit in a nutshell
The results you get when you google "John Podesta is a pedophile."
Why is "gang stalking" so hard for people to understand?
Expert report shows children vaccinated with DTP were 10 times more likely to die in the first 6 months of life than the unvaccinated
I know a lot of you have seen A New Pearl Harbor, which absolutely and definitely proved that 9/11 was an inside job, but it might surprise you guys to know that before his death, mainstream political dissident Gore Vidal praised the book that the film was based on!
Remember 'Let me be Frank'?
Why has the Wiki Page for Jean-Luc Brunel been deleted?
Report: Jeffrey Epstein signs will 2 days before death. Court papers list assets of about $577 million. Court papers indicate Epstein's brother, Mark, is the only heir.
Now The Daily Mail is claiming that the photo metadata shows it originated from Ghislaine's lawyer and it was staged. But that doesn't answer the questions I still have.
In light of the same bullshit doctor that investigated JFK and MLK's death to be hired by Epstein's camp, it's worth revisiting the government assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. (Since most ppl know the JFK story)
YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki - "we are a *platform* with global distribution...we have some responsibility to make sure that we are delivering the news"
Remember when "Fake News" overwhelmed "Pizza Gate"?
Remember when "Fake News" overwhelmed "Pizza Gate"?
Epstein Signed A Will Worth Half a Billion 2 Days Before His Death
Turns out fluoride in the drinking water isn’t as safe as the government claims...
US military to search through 350 billion social media messages to learn what motivates and pacifies people
Sometimes humor is the only way to deal with dark times. ♥️💯🙏
Addressing The Threats Against Our Event By Antifa. If they are anti fascist why do they use brown shirt tactics?
Believing Jeffrey Epstein Committed Suicide is the Real Conspiracy Theory
Both Epstein and James “Whitey” Bulger Met Their Demise During Hurwitz’s Tenure
Epstein left prison in a bodybag, then they took him out for a photo op at the hospital?
A perfect In-N-Out burger found in NYC? The mystery of how it ended up in Queens has been solved
YouTube has deleted many of the Vegas shooting videos. I am looking for the video of these guys running around on top of buildings as well as the video of guys dressed in military fatigues with machine guns near helicopters... if anyone can help me I would much appreciate it! Thanks!
Right after the raid
Jeffrey Epstein Signed A Will, 2 Days Before Death
Kennedy was shot by a Bear with a beet on Battlestar Galactica
Epstein signed a new will 2 days before he died
Jeffrey Epstein ‘Friend’ Ghislaine Maxwell Has More Skeletons in Her Family Closet Than a House of Horrors
He’s targeting us
More "Oh wow" bs. Jeffrey Epstein Signed Will 2 Days Before Death - LIVE BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE
What will be the next 'predictive programming'?
Fascism and Socialism belong to eachother
Jeffrey Epstein's Butler: The Truth About Power
Ghislaine Maxwell staged In-N-Out photo. Discovered by 4chan and covered by Dailymail.
Patriot conspiracy
The Jesuit Order: Why do they use a symbol as if they are a Secret enemy of Jesus?
Google Maps mischief with Epstein Island images
Who Were The 9 11 Masterminds
Interesting
I am being gang stalked on reddit
Fluoride intake is now being associated with lower IQ scores. Is there any way to check on fluoride levels in water by counties? I wonder if there is a strong correlation between demographics &amp; fluoridation.
Prince Andrew ‘appalled’ by reports of Jeffrey Epstein's crimes
so far
Ghislaine Maxwell STAGED photo at In-N-Out with her close friend and attorney
Google's Search Monopoly Is Just Evil by James Corbett
Who Owns The Media?
Jimmy Kimmel Live is hosted in a Freemasonry building
Eyewitness saw Helicopter blow up during Osama Bin Laden raid. Asks US for proof of official version of events.
Thank you all for a great ride.
So where are all the parents during these pedophile rings?
Ritualistic abuse in NJ
MC2 - Have you looked yet?
I am searching for evidence against the Duke, if any one has any links it would be helpful.
Have any big name film actors come out in support of the Hong Kong protests yet?
#epsteinwasQ is growing on twitter anyone know why?
#epsteinwasQ is growing on twitter, anyone know why?
About 4,000 people arrested in Kashmir since August 5: govt sources to AFP
Cancer is predominantly a metabolic disease not genetic.
played airsoft with this kid (townville shooter). this picture of him with a scary "machine gun" was all over. tip of the gun is edited. he used to play with this gun sometimes, it has a big orange tip on the muzzle, which has been edited out completely. this was all over CNN, MSNBC, Fox, NYT, etc
Mark Epstein (Jeffrey’s brother) And Ossa Properties
"Tom Cruise is an American Psycho" - Deepfakes and planting the seeds of doubt [nsfw]
Reminder: Madeleine McCann's kidnappers as depicted by Scotland Yard utterly look like Ghislaine Maxwell, John Podesta and Tony Podesta.
Bleeding Edge 9/11
When people ask how do they keep a conspiracy secret, that many people can't keep such a thing secret.
Jeffrey Epstein signed will 2 days before his death, worth over half a billion — signed over everything to be put in a trust. We don’t know how much is already in there or who controls it... my $ is on some intelligence agency controls this thing.
C
How to support Julian Assange and Wikileaks
Report: Epstein signed will just two days before death
Massive Google outage reported across US
The "new" photo of Ghislaine Maxwell appears to be old and photoshopped
Original Starbucks logo flipped vertically
Study in JAMA Pediatrics Links Fluoridated Water During Pregnancy to Lower IQs
Saturn Time Cube Theory with Nick Hinton
Here is what "Twitter" allows to be posted under POTUS' tweets about G.A.F.'T'.A.M's attempts at derailing the People's Vote: known scammers sneaking at Twitters' supposedly gullible users.
Have you heard the Simpsons Trump Prophecy?
Lets Talk about The Mysterious Bitcoin
The economy is completely manipulated. Central banks. Money politricks. 2008 crisis and more.
Mel Gibson: Hollywood Elites ‘Kill Innocent Children &amp; Drink Their Blood’
Hamilton County, Ohio priest indicted on 9 counts of rape
The story gets weirder and weirder
Read a week ago that something would happen in Al .
Conspiracy of Silence (1995) - Documenting the Franklin child prostitution ring
MOSSAD
When I search "conspiracy" on stitcher
With the rise of Race Realism (actual racism) online, I wanted to help you guys see through the lies. Here is an example of Human Skulls (caucasian Vs. abo), note how the differences are ENTIRELY superficial! Don't let these psuedo-science peddling FOOLS manipulate you!
Disturbing: two victims of child rape talk about their abuse. Disclose involvement by Police, Social Services, Cafe's, and 'Pizza Expresses'. Mention forced participation in ritualistic babykilling sacrifices
Epstein didn't commit suicide.
Nothing changed
Fairly minor Reddit conspiracy. Worldnews is removing any mention of /r/sino and any mention as to why /r/sino exists in its sidebar.
Candid Questions About Biological Psychiatry
Of all the goofy stuff I’ve run/had promoted to the front page of Buzzfeed, this is the only piece they’ve ever pulled from the site lol whoops
Hong Kong - WW3 starter or just popular resistance ?
Epstein link to Duke of York: I am another survivor of abuse by the British Crown speaking out.
Cheese is better without the fucking holes
We all know epsteins autopsy report was fake right.
Quick little meme I made
The British aristocracy are among the richest in Europe...
Does the CIA have its own 50 cent army?
The Vegas shooting
Judge could soon announce (Friday?) special prosecutor to look into dismissal of charges against Jussie Smollett
MSM Misinformation: Comparing the Wikipedia Page of the White Helmet Terrorists with the Actual Images From Their Own Facebook Accounts
Video of Epstein 'suicide'
Why would the CIA not kill Epstein?
Something Completely Different: Societal Reset in the 1800's... Mudfloods... New Madrid... Wildfires...
Why are Christianity, Islam, and Judaism constantly mislabeled as Monotheistic?
Epstein Autopsy: Forensic Pathologist Dr. Cyril Wecht says it's not possible to break bones just by leaning forward from a bed
Queen's advisor Lord Justice Fulford supports Pedophilia, then Apologizes. (2014)
It’s time to say thank you to some conspiracy trailblazers....
Interesting tidbit from a local news magazine radio show this morning (8/19)
[Podcast] Jeffrey Epstein-focused deep dive into the history of blackmail networks, mafia and intelligence cooperation in the United States
Prince Andrew urged to tell all he knows about the wrongdoings of Jeffrey Epstein
Two Russian radiation detectors went silent after mystery nuclear-powered missile explosion: "Very odd coincidence"
Smh
The Beatles were close friend with necrophile serial pedophile Jimmy Savile and like were pedophiles themselves.
Russian Nuclear Monitoring Sites are going silent after the mystery blast last month
If you are in Hong Kong just prepare to prep. SHTF is coming quickly, and it likely won't be caused by China.
Bill cipher trapped in cube
Serious question about NZ shooting.
It was always in the food chain.
What else should we be looking at besides Epstein and Mass Shootings?
Whats going on with Millie bobby brown behind the scenes?
The Illuminati card game is so wack and spooky so many of the cards made back in the 80s are happening in real life. This one looks just like the twin towers :( I wonder if it's just coincidence or something else ...
Has anyone come across Trim Tab - Ryan Radbyrne ebook on Amazon?
Any more dirt on Obama besides the Chicago killings and Larry Sinclair? He’s just a smug ass hole and obnoxious. He’s involved w David geffen 2 so his hands are just as dirty as all his friends. It annoys me how he stays out of the limelight and how every one loves him so much.
This man wants you to accept the Epstein autopsy results. Demanding the public relent this morning on GMA.
How very curious..............
Post about going to antartica?
The CIA Monitors Discord Chat Rooms – Updated with more information! — Snelgraphix: Designing Minds
Disney INFLUENCERS Won't Let STAR WARS Galaxy's Edge FLOP in Orlando!
White Supremacy vs Radical Islamic Terrorism
The Wheels Are Falling Off The Satanic Pedophile Chariot
Good YouTube conspiracy videos?
Weiner Laptop Leverage/Tangled Network of "Elite" Pedos
Robin Williams hanged himself from a doorknob, this can shed some light on the Epstien case, lint to autopsy below.
Why are there no anti vaccine subreddits?
Researcher Reports Soviets Created Child-Trafficking Rings in the West for Blackmail
Conspiracy theorists it's time we take a step back and do a reality check. Since the majority of posts are just pure Epstein observations it's time we think about what else could be going on that this could be a cover for.
Chief Medical Officer to the British Government Defends MMR Safety: Autism Up by 15 Times And Still No Explanation
His Name Was Seth Rich #Epsteined
FBI files say Prince Charles’ mentor Lord Mountbatten had ‘perversion for young boys’
Alleged Epstein Victim Says She Was Handed Off To Prince Andrew, Bill Richardson And More For Sex
BUSTED: Video Shows Prince Andrew Inside Pedo Jeffrey Epstein’s ‘House of Horrors’
Americans Can Handle an Open Discussion on Vaccines—RFK, Jr. Responds to Criticism from His Family
Report - Health Officials Plotted to Create Phony Studies to Exonerate Vaccines
12yr old girls gifted to Epstein for his birthday by model agency.
What do you guys think is going on with Millie Bobby Brown behind the scenes?
Seth Berkley "the fattest charity fat cat of them all" and the money sloshing behind the Global Health Security Agenda
Just passing by
Monica Lewinsky is lucky she kept that dress and didnt "commit" suicide years ago
Just found out that some people still believe the whole "We Killed Osama Bin Laden" Death Hoax. I just want to share this video testimony of what his NEIGHBORS saw the night of the raid, and then ask "What Do You Believe?" Where is the OBL Military Autopsy pronouncing death?
Looking for some more insight on the photo of bill Clinton in the blue dress and red heels from the Epstein bunker
Read the first Amazon review for the book Ghislaine Maxwell was reading
Epstein Post blocked?
\-0bama rapes + kills 2 boys 15Jan in Buffalo. DeBlasio: 5 Buttgieg: 5 Cuomo: 4 Murray: 3 Dorsey: 3 Thiel: 3. Trump $4 billion to co|ver. Pel!osi $3 billion Harris $1 billion Schumer $2 billion to help bring the boys over the border. Trump $138 million to bypass 5th amendment
Study Links Fluoridated Water During Pregnancy to Lower IQs
Study Links Fluoridated Water During Pregnancy to Lower IQs
"Jessica" Yaniv is Exactly the Kind of Opportunist That I Warned About in 2016
Has anybody else noticed the strange anti-regulation Push by the left?
Staged Death Epstein Info
Democrats in Illinois have been forced to apologize after photos emerged of attendees at a fundraiser carrying out a mock simulation of assassinating President Trump.
They Can't Even Keep Ghislaine Maxwell's Dog Breed the Same
"Of the 40 American Presidents, 13 have had a direct connection to European royalty." "Bush 13th cousin to Queen Elizabeth II" -New York Times article from 1988
They needed this to work ..
They needed this to work ..
(2011) Moshe Katsav, former President of Israel, handed seven-year prison sentence for rape
Prince Charles’ mentor Lord Mountbatten was ‘a homosexual with a perversion for young boys’, new FBI files claim
The connections made through out this chart are very interesting. Submission statement: I cross referenced some of these and they seem true. Check them out for yourself. We live in a very sick and twisted world, and nothing is as it seems.
2017. Jack Doherty, investigating Seth Rich's murder is approached by a rogue ex military man offering security. He subsequently shoots Jack 3 times and runs him over with his SUV, leaving him for dead.
Fact check: obama DID seperate families (politifact lied)
In light of the Illuminati "hotel" arrangements coming to light...
Suspicious account tied to acclaimed disappearances, three times in only two months(?)
The McCann's: Embedded Confessions - Statement Analyst Peter Hyatt
I don’t know if this has been posted yet but it should be talked about
Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election
BBC, Now Hiring, Whites Need Not Apply. The Rising Anti-White Hiring Practices
[OC] Zeitgeist - a poem
every headline of " 'x' discovered a cure for 'y' " is just a ploy to get hype for funding
TAPS/Walmart shooters theory
Reality vs Ideology and how the ruling power radicalized the civilian thinking into absurdity (personal opinion)
Q, where are you? We need you!
Natural causes may sink the Epstein saga. An ever dwindling public interest.
The Nano Brain Conspiracy: Tiny Magnetic Particles In Air Go Straight Up Your Nose To The Brain And Gives Kids Dementia -- No Magic Bullets, No Cure
Tiny Magnetic Particles Go Straight Up Your Nose To Your Brain To Give You
Google "Machine Learning Fairness" Whistleblower Goes Public, says: "burden lifted off of my soul"
COSMIC DISASTER | CIA: Classified - A documentary on the science behind an upcoming pole shift that's been classified by the CIA
Twitter censorship
“Ummmm yeah, I’ll have the Epstein case, well done with a side of humor, and some extra political scandal on the side please.”
5G is literally capable or microwaving entire cities to a Crisp.
My favourite conspiracy "theory"... How about you?
This is 9/11. Best presentation of research. Can’t believe it hasn’t been viewed more. Please share. #TheAwakening
Fluoride study finds results.. Something finally going to happen?
The CIA has been preforming Remote Viewing (Psychic Spying) for over 30 years
Bolton Desperate to Start a War, US Issues Warrant to Seize Iranian Oil Tanker: This perfectly illustrates how the US is trying to impose its domestic laws on the rest of the world. It should provoke worldwide outrage.
The government is preparing to label anyone who disagrees with the mainstream narrative a terrorist
South Korea giving US Military equipment/technology to North Korea and China?
The defense intelligence agency is having a conference in Florida.
Epstein Autopsy: Forensic Pathologist Dr. Cyril Wecht says it's not possible to break bones just by leaning forward from a bed
Ryan Dawson: Epstein Crime Map (Updated) Part 1 of 3
Do you really think we landed on the moon?
Has anyone found a copy of Epstein’s autopsy?
[META] What's going on with los angeles? Are we on the same page?
Is there historical evidence for corruption and pedophilia as a reason for the South's secession in the US Civil War?
Dumbest Jeffery Epstein Coverage On Corporate News [Jimmy Dore]
ECHOES - The gods were astronauts (Official video)
Global Warming is a Hoax ?
DECLASSIFIED: Guide to Propaganda by the Japan Communist Party
Where is Q? 8chan still down, what is the future of QAnon? The MSM says it's "dangerous" to listen to Q, but his political analysis has been very poignant. What do you think? (Haters, please stay away)
Could we help to support Zachary Vorhies in his efforts to expose Google and their bias and agenda? This could be a huge story to help wake people up to left wing election tampering in America
Staged Hong Kong American Jingoism
Epstein disclosure is a cover for the bond market collapse that has begun.
Pedo Trafficking Symbols Discovered On Police Badges!
Obama wouldn't have picked Biden for VP if he hadn't been promised that Joe wouldn't run for Presidency
‘The Brink’: Inside Steve Bannon’s Plan to Ruin the World
Australia?
About August 2019
In the UK, TV &amp; radio offers just 3 sources to get your news, many of the people running these sources have been or are currently in government positions
Epstein victims that went to court
Mass shooters caught prior to committing crime
“I’m Not a Conspiracy Theorist, but . . .”: Jeffrey Epstein’s Death Gives New Life to “Conspiracy Theories”
Reddit is locking accounts that post in topics deemed too controversial.
The end goal of TPTB
One photo of the duke an ever one goes nuts, tons of videos, pictures, parties, and connections linking trump to Epstein and get downvoted, do you think this stinks?
What the Western Media won't show you
Proven Right Again - Smart Phones Manipulating Brain Cells
Video of prince Andrew at epsteins house.
What does this sub think happened to Epstein?
Sarah Sanders is also Puerto Rico’s Wanda Vazquez and Rosie O’Donnell
Why should teamwork be part of classroom activities?
Can we get a DNA test on the Epstein body?
Cathy O’Brien is Lisa Welchel of the facts of life. Another actor playing a role. I’m not saying the program is fake as I’m sure it’s real but they use actors to tell the story
Fighting the Good Fight
Operation Honeybee, Part 2
What is in space?
I explain the back coffins (FEMA death camps)
JFK Speech - "Opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths and to secret proceedings." 04/27/61
IDENTIFIED PATIENT - exposing the legal industry for kidnapping, brainwashing, and abusing teens in the U.S.
La Danse Mossad: Robert Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein
The real conspiracy is that someone else is already doing Epstein’s job.
The Times juxtaposes the perfect headline next to Prince Andrew
Something is coming
Would it be fair to say that the fluoride is definitely working? I mean, look at the shit that nobody tries to stop happening. It’s absurd really, isn’t it?
I have a new theory on this whole Epstein situation.
The 15 Second Viral Philly Shooting Video Shows Cops Staging Fake Blood on Themselves
Buckingham Palace claims the prince was unaware of any wrongdoing going on at the mansion, saying he "has been appalled by the recent reports of Jeffrey Epstein’s alleged crimes".
Five Amazon executives donated $12,700 to the Democrat congressman Leading the antitrust investigation into their business practices, just two months before he grilled them in Congress
IDENTIFIED PATIENCE - exposing the legal industry for kidnapping and brainwashing teens in the U.S.
Was Epstein BAIT?
Buckingham Palace still denies Andrew's involvement despite the glaring evidence to the contrary: https://twitter.com/themyndzai/status/1163372132312723457?s=09
Podcasts on Jeffrey Epstein
IDENTIFIED PATIENCE - exposing the legal industry for kidnapping and brainwashing teens in the U.S.
Human trafficking in America among worst in world. The United States is the number one consumer of sex worldwide. So we are driving the demand as a society.
Everything is just fine.
Introduction to the MeshNet - The New Internet Alternative Uncesored
Hey, Let's Fake A Conspiracy Theory Website!
Bill just comes out and says it, "How many more people have to die before we reinstate the assault weapons ban?"
What happened to the FEMA coffins and the FEMA camps at Walmart’s or something I kept hearing about a few years ago?
Where is all the Epstein news coverage? Even Alex Jones has changed the subject...
None of the r/conspiracy threads are coming up in my reddit feed
Attempted Subliminal Messaging and Brainwashing in Porn.
Here is why the Ghislaine Maxwell photograph is probably real &amp; not faked...but poor photoshop added to make it look fake. Remember the feds/Mossad need a reason for the public to believe 'she can't be found'....because another 'suicide/murder' looks too suspicious &amp; she doesn't want to sit in jail.
I am a journalist. Here's a big fat post about how colleges educate journalists for mainstream media.
Shell paying it's workers to attend a trump speech and "maintain decorum"
Nothing changes. In 1709 Jonathan Swift wrote “laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through.”
Cryptoroulette announcement! 0.025BTC for everyone!
It's not the removal of freedom of speech, but this is definitely a clear form of censorship
Rashida Tlaib calls on viewers to boycott Bill Maher's HBO talk show for bashing the anti-Israel boycott movement. Tlaib then condemned by World Jewish Congress for suggesting Bill Maher boycott.
Honest Government Advert | Dakota Access Pipeline
Zeitgeist- A Related OC poem
Anyone got a list of the best and most interesting conspiracies they have seen? Just looking for some cool shit to read :)
Breaking News: DOJ- Epstein’s Prison Guards Not Co-operating
"The Epstein Medical Examimer Mysteries no one is talking about." - Truth &amp; Art TV
Alright, I'm ready to do away with Google Chrome. What browser should I use?
Duke of York 'appalled' by Epstein sex allegations as footage emerges of the royal at financier's New York flat
In 2005 former Pres. Jimmy Carter admitted the CIA used a psychic to find a downed plane in Africa.
Maxwell photos from today-
Conspiracy Theories From the Elders of Zion to Epstein’s Youngsters, by Gilad Atzmon
American media shuts down the Epstein story - World Socialist Web Site
Remember Andrew Breitbart’s Coroner? He died from arsenic on same day autopsy released.
Real Perspective on Epstein’s Suicide is being overlooked
Theo Von is Chris Farley's son. (Not really... Maybe...)
Anyone who thinks we'll ever know what happened to Jeffrey Epstein should read up on Dr David Kelly
Hi /r/conspiracy
Media possession?
Timothy Holmseth 49 min vid update Sun Aug 18.
Epstein, he's gone.. stop being distracted
Does anyone know what Furrygate is?
According to this article, it sounds like the FBI tracks all gun related purchases.
Me📢irl
Does anyone know what Furrygate is?
Ghislane Maxwell at In n Out Anomaly #2: Bad photoshop but there's more here
I posted to a pro-china page in support of the protests, and was banned immediately with this response. Didn't know where else to post this
RIP Liam Scheff
One of the 3 guys who was apprehended from being a shooter this weekend’s Twitter is full of tweet’s trying to troll the FBI
Suicide bomber kills 63 people at a wedding in Kabul, this world is falling to shit.
Satanism Rocks Ottawa!
HELP PLEASE: Friend believes government is inserting images and words into his head. I don't believe him and believe its (undiagnosed) schizophrenia related. What are some ways he could prove it? What are some things I should ask him?
British PM shows true colors and calls for the censorship of studies and information about the harm that vaccines can cause
Sex Robots With 'Full AI' Hit Market Capable Of 'Replacing Human Intimacy'!
Are conspiracies far fetched?
oof
Pedo and abortion
Does anyone else besides me believe in chem trails? This is in East Lancaster, CA around noon today.
When I was on SSRI's, I had some crazy suicidal and homicidal thoughts. I don't think I'm alone.
The Faking of Adolf Hitler.. was he really the worst person in human history or was he just like any other president the United States has had. Just the face of the country but knowing there are people behind the scenes that run everything.
Insane People Reddit: Reddit racists, self haters and foreign influencers prop up race-baiting warmongering from Bernie to own the non-existent threat from white nationalists/supremacists. Same type of assholes who were willing to sacrifice our freedoms after 9/11.
A quick test to see who controls Google
Digital Cash and the End of Freedom
A suggestion to how to get non-conspiracy theorists to buy into the 9/11 Inside Job Theory
Digital Cash and the End of Freedom
The illusion of privacy is often thinly guarded
Head of Humans Rights Watch urges Macron to stand up for Russian protestors at meeting with Putin. No mention of 8 month long Yellow Vest protests
Twitter is displaying China-made ads attacking Hong Kong protesters
Ghislaine Maxwell's first pics since the death of Epstein is of her reading this book. It's described as "A national bestseller, this extraordinary work uncovers the identities, and the remarkable stories, of the CIA secret agents who died anonymously in the service of their country."
It's a trap!
Trump/Russian Collusion : seeing through the lies of the mainstream media.
Were Hitler and the Nazis politically Left or Right Wing?
Consider the following, that now live in your head side by side: A) Many conspiracies have been discovered &amp; proven to exist (even elaborate, large &amp; far fetched ones). B) Mainstream media promotes conspiracy theories (e.g. Trump/Russia). C) All unauthorized CTs are just nuts.
Direct Link Between James Alefantis, John Podesta, and Jeffrey Epstein's Island — We now believe carisjames may be a contraction of Caribbean Island of Little St. James, which is the formal name of the property in the US Virgin Islands owned by Jeffrey Epstein.
A great animated short depicting the sad truths of our world.
Any thoughts on this?!
Maxwell's Amazon book review &amp; photo at InNout Burger were intentionally setup to falsely 'time-stamp' her sighting and mislead authorities...
Let's try this again: Can anyone help me explain the anomaly in this Ghislane Maxwell photo?
Google "Machine Learning Fairness" Whistleblower Goes Public, says: "burden lifted off of my soul"
NYTimes Plan To Trigger Race War Leaked As Deep State Pushes Collapse of U.S. Economy
The “disappear” part reminded me of you guys, sorry if it’s loosely related
Maxwell's Amazon book review &amp; photo at InNout Burger were intentionally setup to falsely 'time-stamp' her sighting and mislead authorities..
Complete Cooper MP3 Collection :: Hour of the Time
Victims/videos
Need some help explaining anomalies in this photo
Doctors push radiation therapy, and chemotherapy, for cancers when it is not necessary to earn more money
Strange rabbithole
They finally got "dave chapelle" to wear a dress.
On Marxism in America, the Communist China Threat, Unconventional Warfare &amp; Hong Kong - This is the regime turning BC into a colony and infiltrating our gov't
7 Tips for Raising Your Vibrational Frequency | Raise Your Frequency And Vibration Fast!
[META] The Rules of Conspiracy : Justice Versus Mercy
You know who I think killed him? I think SHE f*cking killed him.
Ghislaine, Epstein, The Book, The Bad Photoshop Job, The Dog. What no one seems to be talking about...
Yet another Epstein’s associate bites the dust, after it was revealed he wanted to come clean with Epstein’s famous black book.
He knew
Jeffrey Epstein’s team says medical examiner is jumping the gun on saying it was a suicide by hanging. They believe Epstein was murdered due to the three fractures in his neck.
Congressional Testimony From Clinton Era Reveals Pedophile Blackmail Network!
One of the easiest ways to discredit an idea is to pair it up with unrelated religious scripture
People are finally realizing that big pharma has been hiding cures in favor of profitable treatments. Let’s make it known to everyone!
Epstein Prison Guards "Not Cooperating" With DOJ Probe!
Sherman H. Skolnick, A Balanced View Of The Popes, Parts 1 and 2 (2004), Skolnicksreport
How do you simplify the main conspiracy of our world? The one we all know is true, but it's hard to quantify?
Epstein is found dead in a prison cell ahead of trial. Ghislaine Maxwell , Epstein's primary accomplice breathes free. How do make sense of it?
Can someone please explain the conspiracy behind the "Milk Carton Kids"?
What happened to YouTube on 1/23/2017?
AP: US talks secretly to Venezuela socialist boss
Who wants to bet most people won’t hear of this and it will be unheard of within a week.
Epstein Island 7:15 est who is there? Why?
Justin Amash on Twitter: "President Trump is now demanding a permanent reauthorization of the NSA’s unconstitutional, warrantless program to collect Americans’ phone records. We must demand that he and Congress respect the Fourth Amendment!" / Twitter
A 6-month old YouTube channel dedicated to UFOs/aliens has been shutdown by Youtube.
If I get banned for life from Buzzfeed for this, we’ll know to add Jonah Perretti to the list of Epstein pals
Hong Kong Protestors Use Pepe The Frog To Fight For Freedom
Prophecy of Thoth from the Hermetic Texts read by Graham Hancock
3 Epstein lawyers will view video from MCC the night of his death. They are dissatisfied w the autopsy result!
Great interview with on-the-run John McAfee
None Dare Call it Replacement - Taki's Magazine
Hong Kong police seen disguised as protesters. Might be planning to cause trouble and blaming it on the protesters later.
My main Reddit account was terminated for posting a conspiracy meme.
Decoding Music: Definitely something fishy going on in the mainstream music industry, and this is the best evidence I've discovered yet. As well as other pieces of evidence. (Part 1)
Me and my friends found this video of a 9/11 conspiracy video that was uploaded onto an old channel 4 months ago completely explaining the 9/11 conspiracy with facts and names.
Satanic ritual in Montreal August 15th 2014 Anyone have any updates?
Discussion: If Hillary was PoTUS do you think we would have never known about Epstein?
The side-on pic of Ghislane Maxwell is most likely photoshopped. I'd bet money on it. Here's my "analysis".
John McAfee EXCLUSIVE: “Our secret hideout in Lithuania…” - Coin Rivet
Netanyahu said to have offered Lewinsky tapes to Clinton for release of Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard ( 2014 )
Father Went Missing Downtown Chicago. Get This Post Front To Front Page To Help Find Him
Me📢irl
I don’t ever see stoners in mass murdering mugshots
AMA: I was at the ANTIFA/Proud Boys rally yesterday bouncing in between sides and hanging out with the dudes of slightlyoffensive and putting myself in the action as much as possible. There’s a lot of dis info out there that I can probably shed light on if anyone is curious
The "Anti-Semitic Dual Loyalty Trope". Is it really? SHOCKING INFORMATION
Does George Noory still host Coast to Coast AM?
Mark Zuckerberg intentionally made the whole "We'll ban fake news" stuff to censor actual news with headlines that are extremely important.
Why Did Epstein Name The Plane Lolita?
If you don't believe this happened, you're a conspiracy theorist and a domestic terrorist threat according to the FBI.
What if cancer was an experiment that broke out and contaminated nature and started growing
Aggregated News Headlines could indicate Ghislaine Maxwell is completing her identity-change surgery, imminent 'suicide', and then disappear forever.
Videos of 2 Witnesses Who Spotted 3 to 4 Shooters at the El Paso Wal-Mart Shooting.
Theory on Ghislaine Maxwell’s photo op and what to expect next.
Visiting my friend when he picks up the tablet his children (4 &amp;9 y/o) use to look something up and awkward hilarity followed. Will update with video history soon....
Jeffrey Epstein ‘Friend’ Ghislaine Maxwell Has More Skeletons in Her Family Closet Than a House of Horrors
If you don't believe this happened, you're a conspiracy theorist and a domestic terrorist threat, according to the FBI.
Well this popped up on my iPad notifications today...
The LORD has given me a strong warning not to think like everyone else does. He said, “Don’t call everything a conspiracy, like they do, and don’t live in dread of what frightens them
Israel blackmailed Clinton with Monica tapes
Me📢irl
Facebook 'accidentally' deletes the Area 51 event
Are African Americans the target of psy ops?
The tantalising mystery of Ghislaine Maxwell's burger bar 'makeover' as conspiracy theorists ask why she 'took off her glasses while reading a book and had TWO drinks next to her'
I'm hedging my bets that the "TV Man" is some sort of political protest against the furthering of technology, what are your thoughts?
I haven’t seen this pic until today and I’ve been heavily browsing the topic since the start
Watch the video! Transcript released from Nikolas Cruz interview
Eric Weinstein on Conspiracies
No other 9/11 video has given me goosebumps like this one
The Hunt, a movie about "global elites" hunting people for sport, is not being released... For now!
Makes perfect sense.
Facebook removes Area 51 event “by accident”
Hey, Let's Fake A Conspiracy Theory Website!
Does anyone else watch truth777exposed on YouTube ??
hi guys i just found this subreddit so i can now share that earth IS FALT
BuzzFeed recycling actors
Share some good conspiracy Youtube channels plz
TIL While The US national debt is $22 Trillion, Israel's is only $220 Billion, only 1% of the US. But the US Sends Israel over $4 Billion a year.
Trump, Noahide Laws - The New World Order laws that will enable the decapitation of Christians
America's Largest "Farmers" Have Never Farmed a Day in Their Lives
Why don't we boycott the mainstream media?
Epstein Prison Guards "Not Cooperating" With DOJ Probe, Lawyers Want Independent Investigation
Beware the EYE of the EAGLE!!!
"Underage slut enjoys violating the law that forbids her to get fucked (esp. for money) by an old nutsack like Prince A., who will later will be just massmedia'ed as a Virgin Mary like fucking victim"
There’s something about these cult leaders that I can’t quiet put my finger on
Ghislaine Maxwell's sister spotted packing up bags near Massachusetts home where socialite was rumoured to be staying. Now we are to look over here.
Buying Greenland
Exclusive video of Epstein’s ranch in New Mexico
FX = the purge marathon
Prince Andrew at the Epstein Mansion a few years back, here portrayed as greeting a young slut who is braving the law that forbids her to get fucked (esp. for money) by an old nutsack as his, but that later will just be massmedia'ed as a fucking victim
Paying your taxes supports pedophilia | And taxes are voluntary
Novartis cancer treatment for 380,000$ or 'How much do you value your life?'
Let's discuss the radical, never seen before in the entire history of mankind, ideology being pushed that says national borders are bad.
Dont want this to get ignored
Investigative Journalist Ben Swann speaks out on Google manipulating algorithms for political purposes.
The True Believer - Good description of the Leftish media-brainwashed SJW movement...
Iranian TV Show: Russian Revolution Part of Jewish Plot by Rothschilds to Establish New World Order
Yet another case of non-consensual sterilization. "the Pro Life Committee of Mexico was suspicious of the protocols for the tetanus toxoid campaign because they excluded all males and children and called for multiple injections of the vaccine in only women of reproductive age."
Hillary Clinton and DynCorp: The untold story of the 15 year-old belly dancer (2016, a good refresher now that DynCorp is mentioned again)
.
Flat Earther's are No Longer Funny.
Could Epstein have used the dentist chairs to remove the braces of his underage victims? Just seen this scenario in a sex trafficking movie called Eden, which is based on a true story.
What is your opinion on BDS?
In the fall of 1994, the Pro Life Committee of Mexico was suspicious of the protocols for the tetanus toxoid campaign because they excluded all males and children and called for multiple injections of the vaccine in only women of reproductive age.
Transhumanism: Could Jeffrey Epstein really seed the whole human race?
Why JEFFREY EPSTEIN Had To DIE! (Trailer)
Everyone wants you to think that he committed suicide, or that he was murdered...
Mainstream medicine promotes the notion that it alone should be considered “real” medicine, but more and more this claim is being exposed as an officially sanctioned myth.
Brian D. Hill asks QANON and Donald Trump for help July 9, 2019 - Please upload to YouTube, share with everyone you know
Epstein and Maxwell are Related
What is the end game?
What the Shrek FB?
Even as an early-days Trump supporter, the obvious "supposedly-colorful" Hong Kong wannabe "revolution" just reeks of the worst CIA's antics.
Before its too late
I met Gordo from Those Conspiracy Guys (Strange Experience)
Congressional Testimony from Clinton Era reveals Pedophile Blackmail Network
This is how easy it is to trick the media and UFO enthousiasts
I met Gordo from Those Conspiracy Guys (weird experience)
I think someone was eavesdropping on my FaceTime calls. Please help.
This is an Alien and the mods are deleting all the comments.
"White nationalist epidemic" is a cover for MKUltra, Deep-State assetts. Let's stop with the bullshit.
Thread showing how media can be manipulated.
GEC-Marconi Star Wars Cover Up, part 2
This collection of links at Moon of Alabama makes absolutely clear how disgustingly deceitful and utterly fraudulent the Zionist Mainstream Western Media conspiracy is. The owners of the media and the people they pay to pose as jounrnalists are shameless imposters lying to us without shame or guilt.
How far do you think the pedophilia conspiracy goes back in history? Is it only hidden now because of modern thought? Is this why the royals are involved?
On 8/14, Rupert Murdoch's NY Post reported that Ghislane Maxwell was hiding out in a Massachusetts mansion with her CEO boyfriend. The very next day they post a doctored photo claiming she's in Los Angeles
Forget about suicide, JEFFREY EPSTEIN SHOULD HAVE BEEN WEARING A BULLET PROOF VEST 24/7
Is there a reasonably plausible “theory of everything” that ties freemasons, jews, iluminatti, rothschild, et al? Where can I see such a theory?
Useful cross-platform, free tool for organizing research
[Meta] We need a way for smaller conspiracy topics to gain visibility in this sub
A new Google insider goes public tomorrow. Hundreds of leaked documents.
It's time to step up.
Help with 9/11 info please
Is Epstein's arrest a false flag?
Don Lemon From CNN, "vigorously rubbed his genitals, removed hand and shoved fingers under Plaintiff’s nose," then asked Hice, “Do you like pu**y or d*ck?”
CDC finds no CWD-CJD (Zombie Deer Disease) link in Wisconsin deaths. But Is This A Cover Up?
Strange World - travel channel
Possibility of shutting down conspiracies?
They call him Nek. He has no Nek.
King Tutankhamun's Curse Real Story
lol anime intro for jeffrey epstein
Guys, Epstein And Maxwell are Related
Ghislaine Maxwell's Mysterious "In-N-Out" Ring - Photo Analysis (Look Closely)
Video of moon setting taken from ISS feed- What does it look like to you?
Bill Clinton blue dress painting has him with six fingers. Kehinde Wiley painted Obama with six fingers as well. Anyone know why?
Prince Andrew at the Epstein Mansion a few years back.
Here's a quick short 1980's documentary about some CIA funded experiments. I do NOT endorse everything Anonymous does. I am partial to some of the information they dig up, however I feel everyone has an agenda. That being said. The WHOLE video is the documentary so there is no extra bs in it.
Interesting how the current president is literally helpless against big corp.
Here are some recent drone photos of Little St James. Please investigate and archive in case they get taken down.
Don't listen to the propaganda, white nationalism is a very real problem in America. An alt-right white supremacist was just arrested for threatening to shoot up a Jewish community center.
u/PM_ME_YOURE_HOOTERS explains how the current push by the right to label Antifa as a terrorist organization, and to label all liberal protesters as Antifa, is necessary to push the "both sides are the same" false narrative, when fascists/racists are the ones committing all domestic terror.
Targeted Individuals - Discussion
Plastic and aliens
Why is it okay to see rich white male Americans control the world but its not okay to say rich white male American Jews control it?
If you Google "deepfake" right now, you will see a bunch of articles warning us about news potentially being fake because of deepfake. They're doing this to get ahead of a real video that's going to be released soon of a high-status figure doing something disturbing, possibly connected to Epstein.
Bernie Sanders Declares War on Nonexistent White Nationalist Threat
u/PM_ME_YOURE_HOOTERS explains how the current push by the right to label Antifa as a terrorist organization, and to label all liberal protesters as Antifa, is necessary to push the "both sides are the same" false narrative, when fascists/racists are the ones committing all domestic terror.
SWEET Act would end the federal subsidy to the sugar industry
Who published the first photoshopped picture of Ghislaine Maxwell?
What’s really going on with Venezuela’s hyperinflation and can someone explain their crypto currency Petro.
I think the current Atlanta rap scene (or maybe just 90% of the music industry) is the new Laurel Canyon. There’s just so many strange references in mainstream rap and pop now that lead me to believe the end is near and all the rich elites are going to abandon us to suffer.
[META]Bernie Sanders Sells His Soul to the Globalists. Vows To "Go To War Against White Nationalism" If Elected.
Nassim Haramein on The Higherside Chats - The Consciousness Field, ARK Crystals, &amp; The Hollow Earth (new!)
Burying Tunnels? Epstein Had $100,000 of Cement Delivered to His Island Before His Arrest
Project Veritas and 'whistle-blower' published bullshit 'data-leak' to dox Google employees
Clinton Deaths: A Non-Conspiracy Conspiracy?
The Navy base at China Lake, which was at/near the epicenter of the recent powerful earthquakes in California, is requesting $5 BILLION for repairs and UPGRADES.
The Southern Poverty Law Center is a hate-based scam that almost caused a Young Woman to be murdered
Photo taken of Epstein's suicide!!
This Article's Not As Cute As It Was A Few Years Ago Is It?
"The idea that requiring an ID is somehow voter suppression is truly one of the strangest falsehoods ever perpetuated by the Democratic Party. It defies logic for any normal American who uses their ID. Every. Single. Day" --- Psst .... Unless your real goal is to let illegals to vote.
Has anyone noticed that no media outlet is reporting on the still ongoing protests in Paris?
Peeps focus on that 'moon flag waving' to debunk it all. Blah blah blah. But hello!!!!, how the fuck did they ~support~ the flag pole considering we just got inches of dust then rock hard substrate...
BREAKING NEWS: Hillary Clinton's 33,000 EMAILS stored on GOOGLE DRIVE
This ad for SimpliSafe that’s basically saying you can pay for faster responding cops
Looking for a certain post and cannot find it for the life of me. Need some detective help.
[META] Israel arrests Filipino couple, two Israeli-born daughters in deportation crackdown. Apparently, anchor babies are an immigration strategy that Israel's backers have only approved for the US.
Powerful people on Mars?
Surprise! The Great Barrier Reef is Not Dying from Global Warming
6 years ago a prophetic warning was shared—this is the script. Download &amp; save before it's too late...link in comments—
Vice President Dick Cheney did nothing to protect the US on 9/11 until the attacks were over and it was too late to make a difference
How Jeffrey Epstein Died Isn't What Matters
An anaerobic bacteria in Mars would be considered LIFE. But a human embryo on Earth Isn’t?!
Homosexual agenda extends to animals I guess..
Advertising agency in charge of Good Boys sign pictured behind Ghislaine Maxwell says the sign is fake and has been photoshopped in. There's 0 evidence this woman is alive today.
School Shootings: Mental Health Watchdog Says Psychotropic Drug Use by School Shooters Merits Federal Investigation
Blatant CP Discord servers casually placed on a discord server aggregate, how is this possible?
What should we discuss for our next Round Table?
WTF Report The true story of Jeffrey Epstein, billionaire and serial child predator with close ties to some of the richest and most powerful people in the world
Platos cave
You want to know what Maxwell's photo &amp; her ring was really all about?
Blatant CP Discord servers casually placed on a discord server aggregate, how is this possible?
Unbelievable Race-Baiting Of Sanders
Reminder, this email to Podesta was never explained: 'The realtor found a handkerchief (I think it has a map that seems pizza-related. Is it yours?)'
Epstein helicopter caught sharing tail number with CIA plane. This number empowered him to block federal checks/searches of his flights to Zorro Ranch
Never forget: They "suicided" Philip Marshall and his two teenage children. Marshall was a former CIA/DEA pilot who began to publicly question 9/11.
Never forget: They "suicided" Philip Marshall and this two teenage children. Marshall was a former CIA/DEA pilot who began to publicly question 9/11.
The goverment wants to invade the privacy of millions of innocent people but not the privacy of convicted pedophiles who are being held in maximum security prisons
Who do you think will write a novel based on this stuff?
The establishment tricked one of my coworkers--again.
Why isn't the MSM investigating the source of Epstein's wealth?Leslie Wexner is Epstein's only known client, so this is likely the conduit used to fund Epstein's blackmail operation.
Every device I own has a camera in it for the sole purpose of spying on me.
Cops arn't people
I know that this is not a huge evidence or somethin, but I think this is somehow indirectly involved. Buddy Webb also has a Youtube channel where he posts videos almost everyday
Epstein and Small Panties Purchase
Just started ‘The Family’ on Netflix. There’s a scene when they are flashing presidents in order and skip over President Obama but do show President Trump. Any ideas on why Barrack Obama was omitted in this scene?
Meaning of these rings? Is it a threat to expose secrets?
Donald Trump and Epstein seem to be together ALOT, pictires, videos, parties, and trump phone #'S and even emergency contact #'S are in Epsteins "Black Book" so many connections but nothing to see here right?
Reminder that Deborah Jeane Palfrey (the “D.C. Madam”) also “committed suicide by hanging”
Reminder that the Deborah Jeane Palfrey (the “D.C. Madam”) also “committed suicide by hanging”
Old News Report on "Israel Spying on America"
Joe Biden for President 2020..........
December 4, 2018 - A startup called "HawkEye 360" successfully launched Pathfinder satellites that can SEE radio wave emissions all over Earth (and perhaps detect directed energy weapons, worldwide)
Can anybody explain the rainbow nation situation going on in South Africa?
Government should it be trusted, A new age of censorship!?
Betty Ong 9/11 Phone Call - Analysis of Background Sounds
Government should it be trusted, A new age of censorship!?
The recent Maxwell photo at in L.A. was staged and photoshopped
5 Days Later &amp; my posts were PROVEN CORRECT
Does anybody here know about the clinton body shop? Google apparently thinks people search for it more than the Clinton Body Count.
Thought this was interesting enough to post here.
The Japanese Lung Cancer Smoking Paradox
WannaCry ransomware was created to boost Bitcoin value, not to collect it.
A brilliant documentary regarding the current Epstein cover up.
Charles Ramsey Interview
Yet another Epstein’s associate bites the dust, after it was revealed he wanted to come clean with Epstein’s famous black book.
Welcome
Google is 'accidentally' deactivating Tulsi Gabbard's accounts
How Ghislaine Maxwell fought those who accused her over Jeffrey Epstein
Kymatica-Full Movie
KYMATICA-FULL MOVIE
Greta Thunberg and the plot to forge a climate warrior
The rock band Queen was a band set up by the Democrats to spread HIV amongst the white community.
Why would NASA fake anything like the moon landing, etc.?
Yung Gravy Is SkyDoesMinecraft
The Pizzaria story on the frontpage about a man being shot in his shoulder and dying sounds fabricated.
The coming storm
The hidden truth of S Club 7
Violence in Portland as Antifa assaults numerous people
Was the man in the background there to finish the job is Jack Ruby couldn’t?
Article about the cop that was Epstein's ceklmate
Operation Honeybee, my protecting myself from the tyrannical elite
More than two thirds of millennials believe their generation will be 'worse off' than their parents’
Told my father a week ago "THIS EPSTEIN THING IS GONNA GO HUGE MAN"....
Scientists mapping psychopathy to social media accounts
Osama Bin Laden Machine Learning AI or deepfake fun theory
Anyone notice all the subreddits popping up for candidates?
Mud flood France, Rochechouart.
‘Mystery surcharge’ and gas taxes boost California gasoline prices by about $1.26 per gallon- 4 months later and still nobody knows what it's for.
Live footage of Epstein Island
Lyme disease vaccination?
Population...
I Spotted A Demon Being In A Top Post Nebula 4K Wallpaper On The Space Reddit. I Believe They Are Censoring This.
Adrenalized blood may have been around longer than we think
The government tainted rock 'n roll stars' LSD in the late 60s to discourage youth culture from using drugs
The man who started the ‘Illuminati’ just wanted something different to church...
Coca-Cola is selling the cocaine they extract from the coca leaves they use in their soda
Any mods around? ..
Bill Gates says Reduce World Population by 4 TIMES!!
Is the film "Milk Money" an example of the pedophiles in Hollywood trying to normalize pedophilia?
So way before the R Kelly &amp; MJ documentary's came out shinning light on decades old abuse. (I remember being in class with a 14 year old girl telling me about meeting Drake behind stage with her friends after a concert &amp; just the basics of what she told me was mad) ..
I saw time stop today [no I’m not under the influence]
YouTube Adding CONTRAIL Encyclopedia Britannica Article to CHEMTRAIL Videos
Why does NASA lie us? A Moderately Compelling Analysis.
Operation Honeybee, my protecting myself from the tyrannical elite
In the midst of all the pedos and suiciding, I’m sure this won’t see the light of day..
Aliens are people from the future.
Any idea of help?
👌Emoji Conspiracy: Triad Hand Sign Not Found👌🏿🤘
Operation Honeybee, my protecting myself from the tyrannical elite
Here are some recent drone photos of Little Saint James. Please investigate and archive in case they get taken down.
Ritual killings in Hong Kong will begin after 25 minutes. Stay alert
The George Soros funded group Antifa is causing shit and sewing division again in Portland.
So what's with the sudden push back of Israel from the Democrats and MSM?
Zombie in New Zealand. aka: terrible crisis acting.
HuffPost gets exposed for posting "race-bait" on 4chan
Devin Weston has many parallels to Jeff Epstien
Antifa knocks out a middle-aged man. Vice reporter calls his wife/partner a crazy bitch as she’s trying to help him in Portland
Predictive Programming Example - The Matrix Trailer (watch at 0.25 speed, no sound until 0:38)
Techniques for dilution, misdirection and control of a internet forum (COINTELPRO)
The government must think we're idiots to believe that Epstien suicided himself.
Why are you protecting the conspirators?
A Chinese buffet that is a home for immigrants...
These are two stories almost a year apart but I can't help thinking they go together...
make this go viral before it suddenly doesn’t exist
Israel has actually become Australia in a game of Risk.
Anthony Weiner Epstein connection
The System Explained
5G towers are becoming normalized through games. I just noticed 5G towers were added in Counter Strike (Dust 2) as well as PUB:G
Ghislaine Maxwell was sitting with someone at her In-and-Out Burger photo op. (Two drinks. Two mobile phones.) And the Daily Mail is covering-up these details.
bring it back
Hong Kong protest in Vancouver tonight. I found it interesting that someone who was protesting believes that the protests are made by the CIA.
The Star Wars Suicide Squad
Discrepancies in the images of Ghislaine Maxwell at the Hollywood In-n-Out
I think it is important to tell who is influencing who pretends like this doesn’t matter.
A rather weird image to embed in a video game.
Look at the shit that gets automatically removed. They literally do not even tell you.
Parallel Time
Besides seeking control of the media. The people in power make people constantly distracted and busy. Remember to always train your ability to remain focused.
Jewish group pressures 2020 Democrats to take stand against Israel's brutal occupation.
Jesuits view themselves as fulfilling the third age of the prophecy of Joachim. According to the prophecy, a reformist pope will signify the coming of this age. The Joachimite third age is universal monastic communism and is central to Marxist theory. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
Millions in Gaza face hunger after the Trump administration cuts Palestinan aid.
The CDC admits that between 10 and 30 million people were given a polio vaccine that was contaminated with a virus known to cause cancer on certain species and possibly humans too.
Bill Gates says Reduce World Population by 4 TIMES!!
Former Facebook exec: "I think we have created tools that are ripping apart the social fabric of how society works. The short-term, dopamine-driven feedback loops we’ve created are destroying how society works. No civil discourse, no cooperation; misinformation, mistruth. You are being programmed".
Reddit user Combetta sent nearly all 30,000 of Hillary’s emails to a Gmail address
Experts say that most scientific research of Western medicine is untrustable and fraudulent.
Children have been placed in immigration detention camps since 2001. Why do people only care now?
Google / You Tube help keep the Mainstream Media in power
That 3rd missile? [...] It sounds like Dr Strangeglove
RuPaul Beyonce &amp; Tyra Banks are One Person.
Red Ice Radio: Ryan Dawson on Jeffrey Epstein "suicide" and Zionist ties
The "Anti-Semitic Dual Loyalty Trope" EXPOSED
Are they trying to hide the Moon because of this?
Lifeforms on this planet don't make sense.
Israel Defense Forces brigade that fought in the 1948 Arab-Israeli war led by somone nicknamed Epstein
That 3rd missile? [...] It sounds like Dr Strangeglove
Apparently my city has a building with a pyramid on top.
Funny how the right wing cries about liberal violence when they’re the ones entering the liberal city of Portland.
Take a look at this guys Submission statement:The connection they have put together is very interesting, and alot of it makes sense if you do a little research.
Trump administration reportedly wants to extend NSA phone surveillance program
Conspiracy Rating Theory
Epsteins Black Book - unredacted
Democrat or Republican. They have the same allegiance and it’s NOT to you the People.
“White Supremacy”—The “Devil Term” Invented To Dispossess Americans, by F. Roger Devlin
Yall. New invader zim is insane... so much preprogramming
Best VPN for iPhone?
Trump, china, human trafficking dyncorp and Epstein? The gangs all here
Beyonce is actually RuPal. So is Tyra Banks. He/Her/It has been confronted about it and has confirmed it!
Race-baiting asshole Bernie Sanders calls for more war, because the war on phantom terrorists has worked out so well for us before. More security state please!
InspiroBot knows what's up
CNN's Anderson Cooper Says the Great Replacement Conspiracy Theory is Refreshing
ANDERSON COOPER SAYS THE GREAT REPLACEMENT IS “EXCITING”
Bernie Sanders calls for more war, because the war on phantom terrorists has worked out so well for us before. More security state please!
The blue field entoptic phenomenon or Scheerer's phenomenon is the appearance of tiny bright dots moving quickly along squiggly lines in the visual field, especially when looking into bright blue light such as the sky.
The Southern Poverty Law Center is a hate-based scam that nearly caused me to be murdered
Conspiracies that make you smile?
The reason why bbc and western media is against India regarding Kashmir issue. Because bbc and left MSM is rigged to favor Islamic sharia law.
I'll say it.. Jews, hey!? WTF guys!?
The NWO Diet conspiracy. What are your takes on this?
Does anyone have any conspiracy theories for the 26/11 attacks in mumbai
Ghislaine Maxwell trying to send a message to the feds with her In &amp; Out Burger photo session? Good Boys.
So i just received a strange encrypted steam message...
Proof Sam Tripoli is a Man-Baby
Bernie calls for more war, because the war on phantom terrorists has worked out so well for us before.
Watch "Chester Bennington Chris Cornell Video 2" on YouTube
Ghislaine Maxwell STILL NOT BEEN PICKED UP? You don't give deals to child sex traffickers operating across state lines and international borders.
HuffPost employee tries to start a “n***** hate thread”(okayy) on 4chan. It doesn’t end well.
Documentary: Satan, the Illuminati, The beast, the New Age &amp; the False Prophets
Jeffery Epstein, 6 chilling facts that will unnerve you
That time Raymond Allbright shot himself 5 times in the chest, killing himself...
SpaceX's "Starman" celebrates his first birthday; An Elon Musk "Tesla Roadster" has just completed 1 orbit around the Sun - And a r/SpaceX Mod removed my post about it - Since they won't take it - here it is for your amusement:
George Webb (2017): Instead of harvest crops, DynCorp harvests people -- sex slaves, drug trafficking, children, organs, you name it. Epstein was part of this machine
Title1.jpg
Hidden History - Army/CIA Biological Weapons Testing On US Citizens
Youtube makes it difficult to find creepy Joe Biden videos now, wasn't like that before.
Sunset in the Golden State - Ep 4: How the West Was Lost
Mass Media's Phony Freakout Over Bernie's WaPo Criticism Is Backfiring
Been watching The Family documentary series on Netflix.... to think it's just one head of the monster
I keep seeing media use of the term “young woman” when mentioning interactions with high profile pedophiles, the more accurate term is actually CHILD.
I came across this. What do you guys think ? Click and zoom in .. SS : I think they really are all connected...
¶ Again God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it separate the waters from the waters. -Video Evidence
Epstein was obviously part of an intelligence network..why there is a debate is beyond me!
Here is a picture of El Chapo from a security camera in the same prison Epstein was in.
Remember Epstein is only one person THE Case of Nancy Schaefer (MURDERED) Exposing Child Protective Services CPS
Why hasn’t this sub gotten deleted yet?
What is this robe? Found while clearing an old Navy Estate. More pics in comments.
Even though the election is rigged, who is the best candidate so far?
Why the Hell has this taken so long to get Naloxone more accessible. Infuriating! 500,000 ODs later.
Known White Supremacists [Eddie Murphy and Satanist Rick James](https://imgur.com/gallery/B4cxu1c)
Project Skyfall
Does anybody remember a video prior to the last election of some older white guys high up in the government talking about a shadow government that they were attempting to bring down? I want to say the names were recognizable to me but I have effectively forgotten who they were.
Manifestation Magic-“Learn This, and Your Life Will Change Forever!”
​Did You Know Sound is one of the Most Powerful Tool For ​ Healing in Existence ?
Jean-Luc Brunel was Epstein’s key pimp but he was also head of a major underage international “modelling” racket. Read about it here.
Former Secretariat horse trainer faces child porn charges
Isn't Ghislaine Maxwell an illegal alien?
WTF is yippy ? A better bing for yahoos? Powered by IBM Watson TICKER SYMBOL: YIPI
Go to YouTube and view any of the MSM videos on Epstein's death.
Amazon Says The Face Recognition Tech It Sells to Cops Can Now Detect ‘Fear’
The Epstein/Hatkoff Tribeca connection | Shining a light on the origins of the now infamous Ryan-Kleid panting.
The Cosmic Muse
Fahrenheit 11/9 your views?
Uploaded over a month ago. Epstein’s crime map. The big picture is all here. Watch it while you can
is this real ?? or it is a conspiracy??
Dinosaur egg, Robin egg, or chicken egg?
Rep. Ilhan Omar &amp; AOC Reacts Bitterly to Israel PM actions
Montauk Project: Junior (lost conspiracies)
Can someone ID or give me some broader context to this clip
A Letter to the inspector general of the defense intelligence agency
Pub In Dublin.
Youtube recommendations for epstein case?
Extensive Explanation of Political Pedophile Blackmail rings which have been operating worldwide since circa 1950s, includes Epstein, Franklin-Cover up, The Finders, The C.I.A, The Ninth Circle, Pizzagate &amp; many more. Explains the tactics they use to get the children. They are branded and worth 50k
PedoGate: lead producer of "Rebecca," Broadway show arrested on child porn charges, including 46 minute video
Do you ever hear about something a long time ago and then try to look back into it but the information isn’t to be found? (Montauk project: Junior)
Looking for another Clinton painting
Can someone research if Marilyn Monroe faked her death and goes by Marilyn Carlisle.
The prince and the pedophile. Prince Andrew photographed inside Epstein’s NY mansion in 2010
There are virtually no drugs in development more promising for overall / brain health than these polyphenols
How did the Notre Dame catch on fire?
Energetic Display in North Tower Plumage
Bayers buys Monsanto → Owns roundup which causes cancer → Bayers works with GlaxoSmithKline to create cancer treatment!
Youtube is messing up with right-wing channels in Brazil
This is a guide through the 2018 FBI redacted files on Jeffrey Epstein. I broke down all 21 files into page sections because there are actually a pretty solid collection of articles from local newspapers and online outlets from 2006-2011.
The CDC (CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL) recently removed a video of the ACIP meeting to license hepatitis B vaccines.
Post is locked on /r/madlads and mod comment says its to stop wh*te people from commenting
What do you guys think of this ? I cross referenced and it all is true. Check for yourself .
Why Epstein is not dead
Post I screenshotted on this sub a full 5 days before his death. u/FringeCenterPodcast called it
A better R/conspiracy?
Mass Media’s Phony Freakout Over Bernie’s WaPo Criticism Is Backfiring
Jeffrey Epstein tried to leverage his wealth to survive in jail - Things Suicidal People Do 101
Just an idea. Someone cross-reference Epstein’s flight log with this map identifying the countries with the lowest age of consent
The US prison system was a test run for our future. AI is the final component.
Possible False Flags, Psy Ops, Shootings in Texas Possibly Scheduled for Sunday. Heads Up
Kairakau interview about CIA trafficking children for high level assets.
Jizzlane Addresses To Go With The Phone Number..
Trauma Counselors Were Pressured to Divulge Confidential Information About Facebook Moderators, Internal Letter Claims
Trump's Large Union Crowd Forced to Attend if They Wanted to be Paid for Doing Their Jobs | Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Jeffrey Epstein pent up to 12 hours a day in visiting area with lawyers and paid off other prisoners with commissary cash for protection.
Hong Kong Riots and US Political Issues
This is just way too much. 🤣 its like they want us to know.
[SERIOUS] What do you think of Epstein as a person? This is important for the future research of the man and his case.
Why are so many powerful men...
Many of the celebrities on this list died by doorknob/kneeling. Interestingly all of the celebs who died this way on this list had some connection to exposing sexual abuse and/or human trafficking. Just a coincidence probably.
Go to the Bank of England with British Pound-notes, tell them: "I am the bearer and you made me a promise, honour that pledge with silver" and you will be arrested.
A very disturbing quote about epstein
Should We Be Concerned About A Pole Shift?
Propaganda vs. the people - "Hong Kong autonomy, want their local government to listen to public opinion, and wish to freely elect their leaders. Yet on the mainland, the Chinese government has spun a different narrative with the help of state-controlled media, censors, and internet trolls."
Anyone has that video of Draco’s head and description of popes hall that looks like a snakes head. I think some guy guy killed and he posted all those images.
Repost, because first one got deleted.
Buddy Fletcher and Ellen Pao’s marriage ending with mudslinging and acrimony
7 Ways To Attract Abundance | Law of Attraction [This Really Works!!]
Could conspiracies have been created on purpose ie Bob Lazar and ufos
The creation of Tor browser
Trump was a friend of Epstein and knew he liked really "young" girls. Why is this sub ignoring the connection between Trump and Epstein?
Concerns regarding the Epstein/Wexner/VS connection
Why Jeffrey Epstein Had To Die! (Blackmail Tapes)
We need to come together, decide on the official goal and work towards it, If we compile and Sub Header all resources we have a collective plan!
A Kremlin-Linked Firm Invested Millions in Kentucky. What are they really after?
Should We Be Concerned About A Pole Shift?
Wtf is this? Why is it still up?
Have you guys ever wondered how the demographic of mass shooters/terrorists “changes?”
Robin Williams' Death
Thoughts? The truth about Friday news dumps
Shell Workers Had To Attend Trump Speech To Be Paid, Were Ordered Not To Protest
Stop with the floating nuclear power plants to drill for more oil please
PSI and Paranormal Abilities
Kill the Wealthy, maybe! Prisons Are Slave Labor Camps!
The world is an MMO, ergo:
Stumbled on an interesting blog about Bryan Singer from a Hollywood insider
I found old ads Jizzlane was using to recruit girls, from as far back as the 90's.
Heads up: Latest Windows 10 update messes up the Tor browser.
Related to Epstein?
These insanely far reaching posts are exactly why we get labeld as nutjobs, 4,000 upvotes on a post about a guard that can easily be explained with a bit of research. Also trying to doxx him? WTF is wrong with you
Chemically lobotomizing and brainwashing of society
How to Attract Abundance and Prosperity - 7 Top Motivational Quotes About Your Ego
YouTube has a blacklist and censors videos containing Certain Keywords, here is a list of those words.
How can we protect ourselves from those who do all kinds of dark magic/occult rituals?
Julie Eadeh, a US diplomat in Hong Kong, was caught meeting HK protest leaders (Joshua Wong &amp; others). It would be hard to imagine the US reaction if Chinese diplomat were meeting leaders of Occupy Wall Street, Black Lives Matter or Never Trump protesters.
HuffPost gets exposed for posting "race-bait" on 4chan
George Webb (July 7, 2019): Aircraft ID number N474AW shared by Jeffrey Epstein, DynCorp, the US State Department, and the CIA
Possible Pedophile Snapchat Account
D'Angelo Barksdale. McNulty explains why "injuries consistent with suicide" don't make sense in a prison environment.
Epstein's "suicide" EL5 summation? I've been in the mountains for a week and return to civilization to see the biggest non-shocker of the conspiracy year
Exclusive: Met Police decided not to conduct full investigation into court claims of sex trafficking of girl in Prince Andrew photo
Imagine if the Clintons owned a resort where Epstein and Maxwell lured girls into an international pedophile ring.
I find it hard, to believe the creator of bitcoin would reveal himself. I’m calling BS.
I'm Thinking About Inciting Some Riots.
oh hello!
U.S. Approves Sale Of 66 Advanced F-16 Block 70 Fighter Jet To Taiwan For $8 Billion - Fighter Jets World
Break Into FBI or CIA Headquarters?
The basic principles of Stoicism.
Director of Genetic Counseling?
What do we know about Arch Cummin, the person who sold Epstein Little St. James Island?
Old news, not to be forgotten.
Serious question here, about how much of ALL Celebrities, Politicians, and World Leaders are P.E.D.O.S that also do Satanic Sacrifices to very young Children?
Why do the same people advocating for mass immigration of third world immigrants into advanced societies also push global warming hysteria? The carbon footprint of a third world immigration skyrockets when they immigrate to advanced societies.
"Big Science is not a Liberal Conspiracy"
It's time to use their own narrative against them. "Grab them by the p*ssy"? That was "doctored"
a question for climate change deniers
Remember Aaron Schwartz. He founded Reddit and was pro free speech. He was legally attacked by the government and was suicided part way through the trial.
There is just no way Greater Israel could ever be the ultimate goal of the NWO. Playing with the idea of Hillary and Putin's WWIII. The Rothschilds vs the Jesuits. The Universal Empire and Frenzy Holocaust conspiracy theory.
The exact process by which currency is created and manipulated is not generally well understood, but might be the most important aspect of maintaining cabal power. How currency is actually created. (Repost of /u/letsbebuns)
The basic principles of Stoicism.
Catholics and apprentices of the Jesuits at the head of the world's top 50 super connected companies. (X-post from r/Romerules)
The blue dress
Feminism Destroyed Europe
Ridicule is a tool that is used to cover up the truth. It's used to prevent credible scientists and others from putting their names on that truth and vouching for the evidence.
Previously deleted, the people need to know the truth
We live in Bizzaro world. The resemblance to Bowie and what he says is unsettling. The comments in the video are very awakened.
Is there any information on Epstein’s first suicide attempt?
This photo is being deleted and taken off Twitter and Instagram a lot, so thought I’d do my part and share here.
I don't Think Elon Musk is part of the Cult
Does anyone have any theories that TPTB create perfect sportsman and insert these babies/children into society, monitoring them through various agencies. Social experiment?
TIL Approximately 80 percent of current US astronauts wears eye correction (i.e. glasses or contact lenses). As long as the astronauts' vision is correctable to 20/20, they're allowed to fly
The DMT Dimension
never forget
Elite's agenda behind Climate Change activism and Climate change denial
Hey did you know that banks can create money out of thin air?
This was a painting found in Epstein’s house... but remember, you’re all just crazy conspiracy theorists!
How much do you share with family and friends?
The prohibition of sex trafficking does nothing but empower foreign agents by giving them access to an incredibly powerful weapon that can be abused to blackmail and corrupt powerful figures in the government. If you remove the negative public reaction, their weapon becomes powerless.
Alarm as Trump Requests Permanent Reauthorization of NSA Mass Spying Program Exposed by Snowden
FEC’s Chair Says GOP Members Blocked Probe into ‘Blockbuster’ Claim Involving Russians, NRA
Here is probably the best resource for newbies reluctantly forcing themselves to explore the Epstein rabbit hole: McGowan on Dutroux, Franklin, Aquino, McMartin, Finders
Why Some Doctors Purposely Misdiagnose Patients
What if Epstein was a patsy, or a "fall guy" for the corporate elite? (not sure if I really believe this but it is an interesting thought) Hear me out.
The most terrifying conspiracy isn’t a perverse and disgusting deep state, it isn’t intimate control of laws and regulations, hell, it isn’t even the mass elite pedophile ring. It is the conspiracy of language against critical thought and skepticism.
Pee is in fact stored in the balls
what direction is Epstein's temple facing?
Antifa Riots Vs. Patriots Live on YT Today in Portland. 1 P.M. Central, 2 P.M. Eastern
Leading deaths, to young blacks. Guess.. being killed by cops.
The Great Hack - A documentary that everyone needs to watch to understand how your data is being weaponized against you by companies like Cambridge Analytica, and by governments looks to influence affairs in other countries
Kinseys Paedophiles - Secret History
YouTube's 1st Response! Deadline Fast Approaching.
Maxwell spotted at In-and-Out in L.A.
Only one person had committed suicide in the past 40 years at the facility where Jeffrey Epstein supposedly killed himself
What happens when the communists take over. Leftists are useful idiots who serve only to destabilize society. When the goal is reached, they will be "lined up against the wall". Must Watch.
Media dead silent as Wikileaks insider explodes the myths around Julian Assange - Michael West.
Video of Philadelphia police officers using fake blood to fabricate shooting details.
I bet if were Russians emigrating and seeking asylum instead of Hispanics the Left wouldn't be fighting for immigration reform and the abolishment of ICE
Got an interesting question from Google today.
Trump Administration Moves To Reauthorize NSA’s Controversial Spying Program
{serious} If Epstein really was above the law, how did he end up getting convicted in the first place?
The Family - Netflix Show
Our president is "losing it mentally" says former White House aide: "There's no one to check him anymore"
Breaking Bad's Walter White is real 'Deep State' officer and mob boss from the Midwest. The cult of personality behind him is manufactured propaganda. Hollywood has been propping up this persona for the next big turn towards the NWO since the 1980s. I'm an insider of sorts. AMA
The Spy Business Is Booming and We Should Be Worried Spyware and hacking know-how are more available than ever, making our data more vulnerable and the world more dangerous.
My message to liberals:
Help me learn more about the Family division in the U.K I don't know where to begin
EMP Cleansing
When your bartender becomes a bot: "You can't stay here anymore, you've had too much to think."
Five years after 9/11, the names of 14 of the alleged hijackers were on the US government's no-fly list
Dr. David Graham's weird 9/11 testimony. Who actually read it?
Did Epstein have a "dead-man's switch" set up?
They've conditioned the masses to accept their stories without any proof. Either demand pics, video and sworn affidavits of these fantastic events, or assume they are made-up/staged and simply disengage.
A Directory of Inconvenient Climate Information Websites
Theory: Reddit can’t keep up with the usual disinfo and distraction today due to high volume posting so old school r/conspiracy is starting to show with some of the posts.
r/murderedbywords moderators remove a post for "not including a murder or burn" even though it does -by definition of the subreddit name- include EXACTLY what applies.
Some shit about Epstein but more shit about the recession that's coming.
Stand for election integrity- never forget how rigged the DNC primary was
MMW: Congresswoman Stacey Plaskett will be revealed to have had some degree of knowledge of Jeffrey Epstein's crimes.
The Epstein Episode vs. the Hess Mess: There are striking similarities between Epstein and the infamous prisoner Rudolf Hess. They are reusing the same formula for these staged events.
Today is the new Right/Left clash in Portland, OR. After recent events, could escalate tragically IMO. Discuss.
Why not kill him before the arrest or squash the arrest all together?
Even my local news has murder on the mind for Jeffrey Epstein.
Big brother is listening. Had a fly in the house this afternoon. Cats been chasing it. I asked my wife how long flies live. She didn't know / couldn't remember. I typed "how" into Google and look what came up. Immediately after asking her! How's that even possible unless they're listening?
Plastic Rain in the Rockies: Spray a bunch of gunk into the atmosphere, and it's going to fall to the earth and cause environmental problems...it is the geoengineers who are behind the bulk of the problem, not us.
Ep 117 The Mega Group and the Epstein Affair feat Whitney Webb
An oath to defend the Constitution...
Sky News Australia are actively trying to silence independent Epstein investigators. Look at like to dislike ratio though. Nobody's buying what they're selling.
Pilgrimage for Racial Justice in Staunton this weekend : My hometown is really hitting the streets with the racial injustice BS. Gotta distract and divide.
These Morons Have Not Figured Out That in 2019 We Will NOT Open Our Mouths While They Shovel in Bullshit ----Epstein Death Ruled a Suicide
David Icke Two Hour Special Royal Political Paedophilia How the Global Pieces Fit
Remember when Reddit banned r/pizzagate
HODLPLAY.SPACE | 0.02BTC FOR EVERY NEW USER | 29 BILLIONS BETS | 112+ BTC JACKPOT!
New unveiled evidence of what really took place on 9/11
David Icke Two Hour Special Royal Political Paedophilia How the Global Pieces Fit
How are Bill Clinton and Epstein connected?
Google wants to make you feel like you're on a crowded train to increase ad engagement
August 18, 2019: Beware of Hong Kong "ritual killings"
Thoughts on the Original order of intended strikes on 911
Jeffrey Epstein’s Bodyguard on His Former Boss’s Lifestyle, Cruelty, and Suicide [By the end he is extremely paranoid. worth the read esp toward middle and end. Someone is scared]
An observation on a media blackout
Google whistleblower reveals blacklists and deliberate manipulation
Ghislaine Maxell's appearance matches the sketch of a woman spotted asking "Have you got the child?" to a man in Barcelona 3 days after Madeleine McCann's disappearance
Survivor of 11 years of Child Rape Trafficking Speaks Publicly For the F...
Whitney Webb (Mint Press News journalist who made the excellent in-depth stories on Epstein) is on Quoth the Raven-show. Headline: "Blowing Open The Jeffrey Epstein Scandal"
Google News censorship blacklist leaked
Youtube censorship blacklist leaked
JFK Illuminati - Full Speech - "The very word “secrecy” is repugnant in a free and open society."
Facial recognition technology and identity politics - World Socialist Web Site
Survivor of 11 years of Child Rape Trafficking Speaks Publicly For the F...
A reddit experiment in propaganda... what happens when two similar images (different locations) are posted on the same sub, almost identical titles...
Why the Hell has this taken so long to get Naloxone more accessible. Infuriating! 500,000 ODs later.
The Clintons must be very powerful people if they can tell Google and others what to remove from the Internet
Richard Spencer is being silenced
Cernovich, Dershowitz, &amp; Episten
Trump Administration Applies To Reauthorize NSA’s Controversial Spying Program
Post-Gazette goes down after controversial article about the president
Targeted Individuals &amp; How to Defend Yourself if One, Elon Musks 'Neuralink', &amp; More! MUST READ! Warning: Wacky &amp; Spooky, but Genuine
I bet...
I bet...
A good review of the state of play
Attack on Normal: The UK Bans a ‘Harmful’ Commercial Because It Shows a Mom and a Baby Stroller
Guy who used to work for Google: "Google is a liar"
Dean Martin and Johnny Carson + Glands?
Dumb ass Scottish media obsessing over personal life of dead policeman, lots of similar news stories taking over at the moment across UK and feels obvious to me but no one else it’s all in the effort of eventually arming the UK police forces
This oil painting was found in Epstein's Manhattan home.... what does this mean
Thats kind of scary
The Simpsons predicted the first female president.
Beware of conspiracy saturation in the case of Epstein.
The quality of Google Earth satellite images are being purposely manipulated to a lower quality/resolution.
Bing is removing Clinton Body Count drop-down suggestions
I made a prediction a while ago that his death would be by 'kneeled hanging' and it wouldn't add up. Similar to Anthony Bourdain's death. Just like many of you who made the same prediction, we were right.
What if we are just a big a big game of dungeons and dragons
Botox, Facelift, or Adrenochrome?
Jeffrey Epstein's pedophile Island is really a blackmail island. This is what the news and media won't tell you
Does this have anything to do with Epstein?
"The Big Sunnybank Conspiracy" The Brown Shitholians v Brown Shitholians "Big Sunnybank" Shitholian Protests affecting our way of life around the nation. This video from Southern Southern Small Sunnybank aka Melbourne
Jeffrey Epstein's suspicious death has raised numerous conspiracies. How did he commit suicide while on suicide watch? Did he really kill himself and if not who did?
Exclusive: Metropolitan Police decided not to conduct full investigation into court claims of sex trafficking of girl in Prince Andrew photo
Science of Vampirism as a shower thought.
[ META ] How many of you heard about the Golden Dawn and Aleister Crowley? Thank you to all of you that commented yesterday. BIG THUMBS UP.
Jeffrey Epstein's suspicious death has raised numerous conspiracies regarding his death! How did he take his own life while on suicide watch? Is this much bigger than it looks!
Why do you guys believe in conspiracy theories even if they're baseless, obviously false, or unfalsifiable?
Careful out there guys. I just came across this PHOTOSHOPED image of Maxwell at the Clinton daughter's wedding.
Reddit jokers
iI'm sorry to break it to you, but this is way bigger than Epstein.
Feelings on The Arrivals?
There was no reason for Epstein to kill himself. It's not like his secret life was exposed and he was ashamed, he was open about his lifestyle and everybody knew what he did for decades.
Is Epstein a distraction?
Epstein Autopsy finds broken bones in his neck
Jeffrey Epstein Spent Several Hours Alone With Young Mystery Woman In Prison's Attorney Room Day After Suicide Watch; Could this have been the artist who sketched or copied his face for the Doppelganger, since Epstein reportedly was paying top dollar to get a luxury stay at the MCC?
Epstein Autopsy finds broken bones in his neck
Don’t know where to post this ... but I have a family member who has been working for the DOD and DOE and currently went in a work trip to New Mexico .. they got escorted 27 stories down ... on a undisclosed base in New Mexico ... currently working on a project that is trying to find ways to battl
Just like Jeffery Epstein
Interesting reading
This is how the day in Epstein's cell went down in my mind... anyone else thinking the same?
After much research it's clear that hyoid bone fractures can be caused by non-judicial hanging like with Epstein. Judicial hanging (full body suspended in air) causes cervical spine fractures.
Trump Requests Permanent Reauthorization of NSA Mass Spying Program Exposed by Snowden
Why is everyone "with power" a pedophile?
23 days ago... In a Reality far far away...
Another small piece of evidence that journalists are minions of the powers that be
Repost from r/tech on the internet shaping the experience of the reader
Klaus B. on Twitter: "So you want to know why the Media/Academia/Hollywood is attacking white people? I'll tell you.
I'm pretty drunk.
Is there a list of big name celebritys who affiliated with Epstein? As in knew about what he was up too and kept quiet or even operated with him? I'm sure most won't have any negative repercussions
"Churches" of Saint John New Brunswick, Mud Flood Walk. Exploring the evidence of an Earth spanning catastrophe written out of history.
Take a break from Epstein and delve deep into this unexplored theory on the UFO phenomena.
BREAKING... Three Epstein Lawyers Challenge Autopsy Results ...MCC Prison Staff Refuses to Help Investigators
Epstein is alive. Accept it, live with it, and get on with your life.
Kevin Shipp: Former CIA Counter Terrorism, Counterintelligence &amp; Staff Investigator. Author, From the Company of Shadows - CIA Operations/Use of Secrecy.
My Personal Opinion
Life Expectancy In The World Since 1960
The inability to be impartial to incoming evidence is a serious problem here
We are being distracted by various media.
well she looks happy lol
Who would want to keep Epstein alive, and why?
Black Pigeon Speaks: The Conspiracy to Silence the Masses
Direct link to what was released for the FOIA request into Jamal Khashoggi
Why don't people know that Epstein never tried to kill himself?
Sometimes you need some Bill Hicks to keep you goin.
Every fossil fuel company should be made to pay crippling reparations in order to help resolve this problem.
The method Epstein allegedly used to kill himself with is called non-judicial hanging, meaning the weight of the person is what ultimately kills them, this method can be fatal or non-fatal. This method can also cause fractures.
Extreme Close-Up of 5G Tower Fire
It is the seeker, who understands there is more than what meets the eye...
Top scientist denounces smears of Tulsi Gabbard on Syria
Any of y'all ever watched that vigilant christian?
This spate of op-eds that posit an either/or debate between Epstein's suicide or his murder seem willfully simplistic and intentionally blind. That he was not on suicide watch IS the conspiracy. Question the psychologist.
Mwa ha ha ha
Jeffrey Epstein suicide photographer "Will Farrington" refuses to comment on how he knew Epstein was dead? CIA plant?
Where is the dome and statues that were on Jeffery Epstein’s temple?
This oil painting was found in Epsteins Manhattan home....what does it mean
Looks Like We Have a New State of Matter It's called topological superconductivity, and it could be great for improving computer memory.
"Cell-site simulators -- briefcase-sized fake cellular towers that trick your phone into contacting them and coughing up its unique identifier, which can be used to conduct mass re-identifications of every person with a switched-on mobile phone at the protests." - Hong Kong surveillance.
Alarm as Trump Requests Permanent Reauthorization of NSA Mass Spying Program Exposed by Snowden (top comments have made some pretty smart connections)
The Democrats are gonna let trump win 2020 so they can keep the campaign funds incoming.
Epstein Rant
Some jail staffers not cooperating with DOJ investigation into Epstein suicide, source says
What better way to brain wash a society...
Rothschild and Epstein Black Book, Cleaners Connections?
Old Jeffrey Epstein story about the "New York "It" Girls"...
Did you see the full Simpson 9/11 prediction episode !?
Leaked emails show Washington state Rep. Matt Shea endorsed training children to fight in holy war
According to a New York Times reporter Vicky Ward, Alex Acosta had told AG vetting officials that "Epstein was an intelligence asset and to leave it alone".
How to spot a government troll paid to spread disinformation or made to make your post look like you know nothing.
Daily Affirmations That Can Manifest Change in Your Life
I think we have a match
Parents catch FBI in plot to force mentally ill son to be a right wing terrorist.
The Great Awakening
Memo reveals a House Republican strategy on shootings: downplay white nationalism, blame left
Is Earth a prison planet?
Why is Christianity, Islam, and Judaism constantly mislabeled as Monotheistic?
Kubrick film "Lolita"
Taylor Swift is single because her “advisors” informed her that she would lose significant revenue if she got married.
Suppressed Free Energy Technology - Robert Sepher
What is up with the sea of thieves subreddit?
FBI published a document concluding "conspiracy theories" can motivate believers to crimes - precog reality now?
What is going on with the domestic telecommunication network?
The Epstein situation cannot just vanish...
Has anyone seen this pic before? Found on twitter, can post username credit if needed.
Waking to the Lie of Globalism
7 Tips For Attracting Abundance and Manifesting Your Dreams
Is Aug 17 supposed to be something? Sure I saw something in here about that date?
Amazon astroturf campaign on twitter...
Amazon astroturf campaign on twitter...
Skull and Bones. Both Bush presidents were bonesmen.
Four American Industrialists that financed HItler in WW2. Yes American. Henry Ford Prescott Bush Averill Harriman George Herbert Walker. How do you think the Bush Dynasty funded their Presidencies?
American Industrialists funded both sides of the war.
The world really did end in 2012. Nothing that you’ve experienced since is real.
Congressman John Ketchup Heinz III(John Kerry married his widow), Senator John Tower, Journalist Danny Casolaro, Media Mogul/Spy Robert Maxwell all dead within 7 months of each other. All investigated or involved w/ Iran-Contra/BCCI/PROMIS/Inslaw.
I read through ever page of Epstein’s black book: here are my Jumbled thoughts .. I know I missed stuff :
We must come together
Rice cookers found in NYC -- Connected to Epstein?
Let me get this straight!
Toy Story 4 "Yes We Can" Reversed is "Thank You Satan"...May Need Headphones to Hear.
Epstein Murdered to Hide Satanic Pedophile Network Manipulating Global Elites
conspiracy video on mass shootings, mandela effects, Marina Joyce case, kony 2012 etc..
So apparently Jeffrey Epstein tied up bed sheet to his top bunk and knelt down and hung himself. With enough Force apparently to break bones in his neck. Dr. Michael Baden isn't fooling anyone.
Mel Gibson Exposes Hollywood as the Hub of Satanic Child Sacrifice.
Peter Fonda taken out by Clinton dark state
What happens if you present factual information on social media that runs counter to NATO's propaganda war narratives and proves they support Al-Qaeda Islamic State terrorists? You get censored. Thats what happens.
Monopoly on money is the root of our problems
Eyewitnesses Testify: Pope Francis Raped and Killed Children; Sealed Vatican Documents Expose Their Satanic Rituals
Red Flag
Jesus the Light of the World and the Enemy’s conspiracy against salvation
Simulated Universe and Used Ebay Undies
Google Docs with suicided/murdered people who exposed the elites and or "conspiracies"
Strangulation encouraged and marked as suicide to keep down murder stats in Venezuelan prisons
Trump Humpers are the dumbest people on Earth
Just an odd coincidence ?
I drank 1L of diet soft drink last night. 8 hour headache, neck pain, lethargy. Feels like I'm getting the flu.
CNN : Age of amazon documentary right now
What really happened to the MH370 Malaysian airplane?
9/11 Investigation Called to Reopen
OK SO Here's WHY the Crazy Rich are Pedophiles: Demonic "Aliens" Transplutonian Space, Oculus Human Enslavement Matrix
Hyoid bone fractures have been observed in several cases of suicides, 2010 paper finds
Why is #emptyseatsmagatour trending?
Top scientist denounces smears of Tulsi Gabbard on Syria
Chief Medical examiner Barbra Sampson declares Epstein's death a suicide.
r/pan is China’s attempt to take view away from what’s happening on Hong Kong
2019 conspiracy video kinda spooky
A Hidden Political Agenda? Mainstream Media Suddenly Full Of Stories About Imminent Recession
Epstein death ruled 'suicide by hanging'
Why is it always pedophilia?
Does anyone have the MOCA Pizzagate video/link?
Must Watch Movie: Rosemary's Baby
FDA: Pricey Drug Approved on Manipulated Data
Philly cop shooter was a Muslim, so, guess we won't be hearing about that
Measles genotype B3 is spreading the world, it has now become the predominant genotype. Studies show the MMR vaccine doesn't have the capacity to effectively neutralize measles B3
Xpost from unsolvedmysteries: Why did an Ex-CIA agent turned Billionaire build a massive fortress in the middle of nowhere designed to survive earthquakes, tornadoes, and bomb blasts?
What’s the relevance of this building design?
"Nothing to see here... This guy seems very interested in following Epstein's Corpse!" here is the original post that got deleted...
Why socialism doesn't work, 10 things you should know
There's the MSM right on que to call Conspiracy Theories "Too Dangerous To Ignore" after a massive event which exposes the truth.
Looking for a video
I don’t know if what I’ve uncovered is even relevant to the investigation of the “hierarchy” but some weird shit has been going on and I need someone extremely level headed and intelligent to PM me. I have screenshots and backing information and I really do feel like I need to talk about this.
Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds. Alice in Chains Represents the Devil In Chains.
The Trans Androgynous Delusion Exposed by: The Fuel Project
This is beyond blatant. Imagine the outrage if their races were reversed.
is it me or do theme parks like six flags fucking mind control you
Recent hatred of Israel has nothing to do with Palestine and everything to do with nationalism.
US Politics will always fuck you up the ass. Participating in the left/right and dem/rep bullshit will get you ass raped. That’s what they do.
Do not let a label define and divide us, it does not matter if you are left or right, black or white, rich or poor we are here for the truth
The real reason America is struggling with Mass Shootings
All i gotta say is wow...
Jeffrey Epstein autopsy done by 85yo who did MLK, JFK and testimony for OJ
Birds Are Not Real
Justin Trudeau, Prime Minister of Canada, Has ties with 2 Pedophiles. One is His Best Friend.
Hmmm. This Guy Sure Enjoys Being Around Epstein's Corpse. Nothing To See Here...
If you google “reddit conspiracy”, we do not show up AT ALL. Do that on yahoo or bing and we are the first result
Reminder To Never Let This Picture Disappear
Bill Gates Flew on Lolita Express With Jeffrey Epstein After Child Sex Conviction
Any successful deadman switches?
Microsoft Quietly Says it Keeps and Transcribes Your Conversations —Sometimes Even if You Chose Not to Let Them
UPDATE! BIZARRE GPS Location of Epstein's Island &amp; Antarctica SAME? Planes Can't Land on Epstein's Island!
Is Trump a p3d0phile? Just looking for some sources that might objectively lead one way or another
Jeffery Epstein Death: Offically Ruled as Suicide by Hanging- Finds Chief Medical Examiner
Building 7
Epstein was murdered and I have undeniable proof.
How to Clear Greenland of its Ice
Can we get a list of all Suicided people who have spoke out against the elites, pedophilia, etc
David Icke's view on the Epstein case. This guy's been exposing pedophiles &amp; satanists for decades!
So is this just a joke at this point? The medical examiner who just declared Epstein definitely a suicide also worked on the MLK, JFK and OJ cases.
Hurricane Banana
So Epstein’s death was ruled suicide by the medical examiner do you think they were paid off to make that call?
Clinton Body Count - How credible? A call to arms
Epstein’s death officially declared suicide...lol.
Suspected Dayton shooter had cocaine, alcohol and anti-anxiety drugs in system, coroner says
Computer glitch at customs causes incoming international passagers to be manually screened for 1 hour.
Could Epstein be involved in 9/11 ?
FOIA DOC RELEASE: 72 pages of documents from the U.S. Department of Justice containing Russia-related emails sent from Nellie Ohr to high-ranking DOJ official Lisa Holtyn at the time Ohr worked with anti-Trump dossier firm Fusion GPS.
Google Leaker Zach Vorhies Interviewed As Witness To Shooting At Google HQ Last Year
Threatening global peace: India hints at changing of nuclear weapons policy of ‘No First Use’
Any therories on pedophila?
Bill Gates Flew on Lolita Express With Jeffrey Epstein After Child Sex Conviction
What if we find something in Area 51 (or other Areas)?
Epstein Shipped Concrete Truck to ‘Pedo Island’ Just Before Arrest
The lolita Express.
Has anyone noticed...
Just going to leave this here... (July 14th, 2018)
Unfollowed all big subreddits, only following r/conspiracy and a few others. No posts of this subreddit on my front page!
Microsoft Quietly Says it Keeps and Transcribes Your Conversations
Sure, Jason Raize: OBC Simba "committed suicide" in rural Australia without any strong explanation. Sure.
Sure, New York Times. Sure
"THE LOLITA EXPRESS "
Solving the Epstein Case: Ghislaine Maxwell spotted at an In-N-Out in Los Angeles
After years of praising ruthless dictators, Trump takes another steps towards dictatorship by exclaiming "You have no choice but to vote for me", implying that you either vote for Trump or you don't vote at all.
can anyone on here enlighten me on the climate change conspiracy?
Bitcoin ATM Boynton Beach, FL
Ex FBI Head Ted Gunderson Satanic McMartin Preschool Tunnels Pt 1
Ive just discovered a hidden background comment stating that "9/11 is just an excuse to strip away our freedom" in SE03 EP01 of Rick &amp; Morty, Something tells me the writer may be a r/conspiracy subscriber. Does anyone have the ability to transcribe the other part of Ricks speech about 9/11?
Google search result never auto-completes to Jeffrey Epstein was murdered
These child circumcision videos that Youtube keeps up as “educational” are creepy (NSFW)
Why is no one talking about how there were MULTIPLE broken bones in his neck not just the hyoid. How common is a broken neck in suicide?
Chester and Chris working on 'The Silent Children'. Any concrete proof?
Jeffrey Epstein\'s death is officially ruled a suicide
Trump Administration Asks Congress to Reauthorize N.S.A.’s Deactivated Call Records Program
I found the Fake News Generator. This will absolutely blow your mind.
Anthony Bourdain Said In An Interview Before His Death That He Wished Harvey Weinstein Would Die Of A Stroke In An Open Bathrobe While Falling Into A Bathtub. Months Later Bourdain “Suicided” Himself By Hanging Himself With The Belt Of His Bathrobe. In The Bathroom Of His Hotel.
Who are the main factions at this point?
Either this sub has ruined me, or this child's shirt from Israel ain't right
More Photo Analysis that it is Obama shown in 1980 CIA Documentary!
Doctors can use religious or philosophical exemptions for themselves, but patients should only be allowed medical exemptions to vaccination/ American Medical Association
Redditor suggests Reddit founders carried out long con to overthrow Condé Nast’s control of Reddit and regain power—and Sam Altman responds
I Found this Conspiracy Theorist in a Default Subreddit
Trump Idiots: HILLARY!!!!
Two women sue Jeffrey Epstein's estate for $100 million over alleged sex abuse
Former Honduran President Manuel Zelaya reveals why the US overthrew him with a coup
Why are the 'elite' interested in having sex with underage children / sex trafficking etc. ??
Just Groening's wife's painting of Epstein
Just weird. Like something from a fever dream. Not sure what to think
Will sending nuke to mars do enough good or is it a waste of time and money?
US Customs computer system down nationwide.
Epstein's death officially ruled a suicide, conspiracy theories dashed
Is World War ||| coming?
Perfect breaking news to sweep the epstein official cause of death under the rug.
Bernie Sanders: "If Prime Minister @Netanyahu doesn't want members of Congress to visit Israel, then maybe he can respectfully decline $3.8 billion in annual funding—the largest amount of U.S. aid to any country."
Do you think the Illuminati have planned another big event like 9/11 to happen again ??
Epstein's portrait by Groening's wife
Epstein's death ruled a suicide..
Here’s a crazy idea I can’t stop thinking about (Epstein-related)
Anyone else feeling a bit suspicious that China may have started the Hong Kong protest themselves? Gives a great reason to finally go into to HK militarily while simultaneously pushing U.S. citizens to mass protest.
Ilhan Omar blasts Israel’s refusal to let her visit
The Mueller report was downloaded 644 million times in the first 24 hours. There are only 379 million native English speakers in the world.
Jeffrey Epstein's death ruled suicide by hanging, source says
Facebook Finally Admits To Recording Your Audio, But So Did Google And Apple
Well, iT’s OffIcIaL. YoU’Re aLL WrOnG....
Trump Idiots: HILLARY!!!!
From the Wall Street Journal - Epstein hung himself. Glad we can finally put this to rest!
Prince Andrew/Epstien
2 Different Expert Board Certified Medical Doctors Already Say That It's Almost Impossible That Epstein Broke His Neck By Hanging on National TV
I Feel Like Someone is Watching what I'm Doing on my Computer...
Suicide... better believe it...
suuuure it was.....
The Washington Post: Medical examiner rules Epstein death a suicide by hanging
What they are trying to do next
Autopsy
Coming up with an action plan to wrestle control from the ruling class
Simon Cowell goes “vegan”
Its “official” it’s “suicide by hanging”
I guess people that want to keep their independence are cockroaches
Jeffrey Epstein Autopsy Results Show He Hanged Himself in Suicide
Jeffrey Epstein hanged himself in suicide, medical examiner rules
Has anybody looked into the Avicii death thing?
Epstein murder - a step by step possibility
Who's here for Jeffrey Epstein's autopsy? Predictions?
NASA doing some lines today
Epstein's former cellmate cleared of wrongdoing in previous incident at his cell in MCC
Someone knows the meaning of that ring.
NASA hard at work today
Is Ghislaine Maxwell sending a message by leaving this review of the book she was reading when photographed at In-and-Out?
Sexual assault lawsuits and The Church of Scientology? What can possibly go wrong?
Both these images were uploaded within an hour of each other, both with the same exact long winded title
Epstein and Maxwell were honey trappers. There's a number of them still out there working for the cult of Baal
A Chinese agent in full propaganda mode on the latest video of Chinese APCs in Honk Kong
It’s very confusing to me that a lot of people here are democrat or republican. Both parties are equally corrupt,they attend all the same colleges and are members of same secrecy societies on campus. These men and woman are corrupt and they sell their souls for money. They are brothers in corruption
Sorcha Faal!!! Any fans?
A Chinese agent in full propaganda mode on the latest video of Chinese APCs in Honk Kong
Trump Admin Asks Congress to Reauthorize N.S.A.’s Deactivated Call Records Program that was Exposed by Snowden
Top minds of reddit spotted in real life
Cosmic Disaster: A documentary on the catastrophe cycle and how its the top conspiracy theory that we should be watching for.
Mysterious suicides
Three Years of Misery Inside Google, the Happiest Company in Tech
2 x 8 year olds ? Did Epstein mean a 16 year old or 2 8 year old girls ?
Original New Material on Predictive Programming is Coming to Light. Breaking Bad is a CIA production, but there are so many others. They spell out the transition to the NWO, which has always been at the center of their cultural work. AMA 8-17 11am. Pin it.
U.S. Military Designing A.I. Missiles to Find and Destroy Targets (on their own) from 40 Miles Away
Project Veritas and ‘whistle-blower’ published bullshit ‘data-leak’ to dox Google employees
If Epstein was murdered why didn’t they get it right the first time?
Something strange I've noticed about the reddit app in regards to r/conspiracy
A little levity against everything that has been going on, for too long.
Autopsy findings to be released later today, according to Kevin Corke
Artificial Intelligence, The Outside Threat to Humanity, but from where...
Nelly May
What if, maybe.. just maybe, this whole Epstein pedophile case is fake
I believe that 9/11 was inside job and it was demolition ishin and i don’t believe the plane story because it doesn’t make any sense
What's happening to the children who are being removed from their homes? Does this have anything to do with the systemic child abuse in America? Bring Drake Home | 4-Yr-Old Kidnapped by Texas CPS
The Ground Zero Podcast On Epstein 2 Evenings Ago is Worth A Listen! (Contains Epstein Audio Clips and a new Eugenics-related angle to the story)
Hong Kong is the distraction from Epstein
Bombshell Discovery! Is this Barry Soetero in this old CIA Documentary? Watch @16:47: “Inside The CIA - On Company Business” (1980) [COMPLETE] HD VHS
So, is there still any hope?
Bernays Propaganda - Chapter I - Organizing Chaos
Has anyone ever seen a video of Jeff Epstein? Does a single one exist, anywhere?
There's no way the actual news told on itself
is there a summary video of the whole Epstein conspiracy? From the beginning?
Creepy photo of hacker Barrett Brown surfaces on the internet, turns out it was published by Barrett Brown
i have a question
If Donald Trump and other right-wing officials were consumers of Epstein's ring of slaves, does that mean none of them are actual nazis/supremacists? I really doubt the jewish providers like Epstein would agree to serve nazis who wanted to murder them
An Honest question that I have been struggling to answer myself for a while now.
Honest question my fellow friends, pedophiles and sex traffickers are not a mystery, at this very moment in South America kids are being exploited, why do you suddenly care about kids when it's rich people doing it?
Hijackers-Air Defense-Passengers | 9/11 (What Really Happened? Pt.2)
Hijackers-Air Defense-Passengers | 9/11 (What Really Happened? Pt.2)
French authorities looking at Jeffrey Epstein’s exploits in Paris
Has anyone seen an increase in convoys in the highway recently? Does anyone know why exactly?
Please tell me I wasn't the only one who was watching the news when they showed a story about that nat'l park guy?
Jennelle Eliana - The First YouTube Industry Plant
"Inside The CIA - On Company Business" (1980) Video [COMPLETE] HD - Good doc VHS rip. Learn your History!
COSMIC DISASTER | CIA: Classified - A documentary on the science behind an upcoming pole shift that's been classified by the CIA
In the song Juicy by "The Notorious B.I.G" released in 1994 the same year he died, and in the lyrics he says: Blow up like the world trade. However, he died 7 years before 2001 the year of the September 11th attacks
Trump is not on your side. Trump does not care about the Constitution. Trump Requests Permanent Reauthorization of NSA Mass Spying Program Exposed by Snowden
The Real story about 9/11 ?
What did he done this time?
Chris Farley was murdered over his poor performance on Shrek. It was going to be an expensive flop, so they killed Chris, collected insurance, and recast making the hit we loved
Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey Epstein allegedly raped Katie Johnson (13 years old) in 1994. Here is her full 7 minute testimony of the event. (x-post /r/BreadTube)
Bruh moment
Found this in a rental condo.
If there actually exists pedophile rings led by the most wealthy and powerful people on the planet, how did we get laws against pedophilia and calls to raise the age of consent nationwide?
Does anybody have information on Maple inc.? It’s the company that owns Jeffrey Epstein’s New York mansion.
Has anyone seen what they are saying about us on r/politics?
EX-FSO During Clinton Secretary of State Found Guilty of Child Rape &amp; Child Porn Distribution
Most controversial posts From r/worldnews from last 1 week
Why does no one seem to understand the bigger picture of search algorithm manipulation. This isn't about being able to work around search blacklists to find certain information, it's about how we are being steered toward a future where we will not have control over search results at all.
What They Don't Want You to Know - George Carlin
What comes next, r/conspiracy?
"Suicided: The Final Days of Jeffrey Epstein" - The Corbett Report
AncestryDNA / 23&amp;Me - DNA privacy risks?
The monetary value of your assets represents the extent that you've contributed to your state. Is there any reason a person shouldn't be legally allowed to rape children freely if that person is extremely rich? Isn't that person's choice worth more than others?
I found somethong strange on Youtube
Thats right, say the line #epstein #hilary #clinton #killary #conspiracy
Free Speech Continues to Die: Facebook and Instagram are letting users report "misinformation"
Measles genotype B3 is spreading the world, it has now become the predominant genotype. Studies show the MMR vaccine doesn't have the capacity to effectively neutralize measles B3
COSMIC DISASTER | CIA: Classified - 2019 documentary on incoming pole shift
Found this snap in Antarctica just gonna leave this here
Parsing Google Blacklist Censorship Documents | Amazing Polly 31 min
Has anyone ever heard that William Barr’s brother was the principal of the school that Jeffrey Epstein taught math at?
Israel/Mossad and the US- can someone link some informative resources about our overall covert relation with them?
If Iran had been behind Epstein's blackmail ting, Tehran would be smoking rubble. What could be different here?
Found the In N Out
Kanye West was trying to warn us about this pedophilia/ritualistic events 10 years ago with My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.
Ghislaine Maxwell spotted
Do not forget Avicii, who committed 'suicide' after trying to expose a pedophile ring. His music video for "For A Better Day" depicted child trafficking
Actor Issac Kappy spoke out in 2018 about pedophiles in Hollywood and named some like Steven Spielberg, in May 2019 he was found dead from "suicide"
Trying to create a list of conspiracy documentaries for new users or people who haven’t watched them! Feel free to add your own!
Why Epstein’s Murder is Important – Veterans Today | Military Foreign Affairs Policy Journal for Clandestine Services
There is a man who we've seen kissing and touching young girls and is running for president am I the only one who thinks he's on the list of people who wanted Epstein disappeared?
Cambridge Analytical worked with Republican canidates so what company was helping the DNC?
A caution on recent news sources being posted.
Chester Bennington’s sister links brothers death to Jeffrey Epstein case in an Instagram post ending with #BillClintonBodyCount. (Chester was investigating and speaking out about the sex-trafficking that’s deeply embedded within the entertainment industry before his death)
Pedo Tactics
Video Shows Philadelphia Police Pouring Fake Blood?
Can anyone provide a scientific write up on Flat Earth? Not a youtube video or a blog but an honest to goodness research paper with supporting evidence and actual methodology.
Mark Hamil tweeted this out. Any of these conspiracy theories credible?
Are there any videos or interviews of JE talking?
Trump admin wants to bring back mass spying! Really worrying!
Remote Neural Monitoring Infographic
The parallels of Alex Jones theories on Nazis and The Winter Soldier
Mirrored GPS Coordinates of #EPSTEINISLAND = #Antarctica
List of Best Media Sources and Researchers
WHEN IN STANLEY NM. CHECK OUT "PIZZA PALACE" AT ZORRO RANCH
EMF Torture Infographic
Nephilim- They Walk Among Us
Is there a sub related specifically to Big Pharma conspiracies?
It’s all a diversion everything.
Rep. Tlaib Rejects Israel's New Offer To Visit West Bank
tRump dream. “Talib gets suicided next trip to Israel.”
This seems odd
Chester Bennington’s sister links brothers death to Jeffrey Epstein case in an Instagram post ending with #BillClintonBodyCount. (Chester was investigating and speaking out about the sex-trafficking that’s deeply embedded within the entertainment industry before his death)
In the Dutroux serial child rape case, 20 witnesses died in mysterious circumstances. #Epsteined
(Nephalim skeletons) Just a friendly reminder that the elites have been misconstruing evidence to fit their own narrative for a LONG time. See link attached.
Irish superstar DESTROYS Conor McGregor - BX Sports Center
Don't spread, PartII-Analysis by german security expert of Epsteins recently uncensored Black Book.
Craziest Thing About Epstein's Ring
I hope Lex Wexner can find it in his heart to donate the Epstein mansion of horrors to a memorial dedicated to the victims of Epsteins Child rape/Pedophile sex trafficking, blackmail scheme if not the govt should do it as proceeds of criminal activity.
Trump moves attention to Greenland. Why?
Alex Jones and his theories. Am I too young to realise the stupidity in it all or is he something? Thoughts?
Can anyone give me some evidence for the theory that Epstein is not dead?
Cannabis Conspiracy Theories?
The people who doomed us, most likely wont be prosecuted and the poor is the people who will suffer.
How One Billionaire Could Keep Three Countries Hooked on Coal for Decades
40% of US honeybee colonies disappeared last year
What a Deadly Nuclear Explosion In Russia Tells Us About the World's New Arms Race
HAS CENSORSHIP WON?
Chester Bennington’s sister links brothers death to Jeffrey Epstein case in an Instagram post ending with #BillClintonBodyCount. (Chester was investigating and speaking out about the sex-trafficking that’s deeply embedded within the entertainment industry before his death)
Google did extra censoring on r/conspiracy this week
Epstein was murdered!
Isaac Kappy's Dead Man's Switch
It's not just Epstein, It's a world wide problem and surely connected!
Are you feeling concerned yet? You should be.
My other account was suspended the day after I mentioned Shareblue/ the JDIF on /r/politics.
Pedophile Sex Trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell Seen In Public
The Filmmaker Who Investigated One Conspiracy, Only to Uncover Another
Testimony of alleged Epstein/Trump Rape
Reddit limits the discussion on Israel with the “Your doing that too much” comment lock.
google doesn't show r/conspiracy in chrome incognito results.
List of my favorite documentaries, perfect for beginning theorists :)
What is the government going to do to cover up Epstein’s murder and convince citizens that he committed suicide?
Meaning "hostage" or "pledge"
Vanity Fair, Washpo claim Trump and Epstein served as each other's "wingmen" for a period of years
Clinton body count is gaining traction amongst non-conspiracy theorist
OK - Let's Tell The Scammer I Already Have The Money
You do not make a man rich by stealing from another man who earned it.
37th parallel
Chester Bennington’s sister links brothers death to Jeffrey Epstein case in an Instagram post ending with #BillClintonBodyCount. (Chester was investigating and speaking out about the sex-trafficking that’s deeply embedded within the entertainment industry before his death)
Open Letter: Dear Attorney Representing Tulsi Gabbard, this is how Google is 'accidentally' deactivating user accounts
Something strange is going on, here is proof.
The Bible and how it’s been rewritten
Attorney General William Barr revealed he recused himself from the Justice Department’s prosecution of alleged child sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein, who was arrested over the weekend and formally charged that morning.
Is there any info on the stone-carved image in front of the Epstein mansion?
Why does G. Maxwell look so different in the two NY Post photos?
What event changed your mind?
Epstein conspiracy.
[meta] Stop saying “the elites” to refer to your perceived political/societal enemies
Jeffrey Epstein might be alive. Here are three strange events that took place in July
Revealing All Names From Jeffrey Epstein's Black Book Part 1 | 635,070 views | Shaun Attwood
Thom Hartman: The Epstein Case is Weird
Can Epstein case get any weirder?
Epstein's Funeral
Jeffrey Epstein’s Bodyguard, Igor Zinoviev, on His Old Boss (repost for exposure).
Don’t forget about the Area 51 raid
I think that Adolf Hitler was influenced by the bad circumstances in his childhood and that has shaped his opinions and beliefs
A lot of prominent people are conveniently dropping dead
The friendly corpsman of the neighbourhood
[ META ] Who was Aleister Crowley? Black magic and heroin addictions but it didnt stopped there. Something was created.
Just a few thoughts on the entire Epstein episode
American Airlines Flight 587 | Air Crash Investigation | National Geographic
Proof or just a conspiracy???
Epstein spent unattended time with young woman, presumedly a lawyer, in special prison room often for hours on end.
I am combing through all the Epstein files. You asked for it. Here it is. PART 2 - The next 300+ page breakdown.
How can we change this Strange Rock?
The Epstein Little Black Book -- Someone CSV Formatted it... anyone interested in it? (meaning you can open in excel/google sheets...)
The biggest thing about Epstein is that he filmed everything. What American politics and global politics were the result of this? If it comes out blackmail was used for political decision, what do we do about those decisions?
Occurance of FakeNews and PizzaGate on Reddit [OC]
I justed watched Rikki Klieman argue that Epstein killed himself because he had no legal recourse, yet defended El Chapo because he filed motion after mention because the conditions are so bad.
There will be no Brexit.
The myth of Eurabia: How a conspiracy theory went mainstream
Nothing to see here guys. Just "pure coincidence"
Pieces finally fit MI6 is behind the Hollywood pedo narrative!
Probably the best explanation of the 9/11 ritual that I've found.
Screenshot of Amazon user "G Maxwell" (presumably "Ghislaine Maxwell") book reviews (dating back to 2012) -- including the most recent review of "The Book of Honor: The Secret Lives and Deaths of CIA Operatives"
An interesting review...
Google maps is still tracking my location even though I turned it off?
Amazon book review from Epstein’s partner in crime.
The British New Statesman magazine declares conspiracy theorists as right as a stopped clock as regards Epstein conspiracy
Levels of propaganda
Russia signs deal to send its navy to Venezuela after "unacceptable" U.S. moves
Swedish paper, the hufvudstadsdladet, talks about how 2 unreleased sources have confirmed that his tongue muscles where completely torn appart in such a way that it is almost impossible to have been caused by a noose, (Unless he would have been about 80+, and then its still unlikely.)
Post FBI Raid Little St. James USVI 8/15/19 - New Rusty Shackleford Video
Trump administration urges Congress to reauthorize NSA surveillance program
Epstein dots connecting
My conspiracy theory: NYPOST™ is a Mossad asset.
Videogames are being used to train AI in real life.
On the left is an industry plant, and on the right is a real plant.
Users beginning to question the censorship in /r/movies
Numbers Conspiracy
9-year-old boy rescued from human trafficker who was trying to sell him
Hollow earth? Or honeycomb earth?
How to fuck up the banks(and the system)
Jeffrey Epstein shipped $100K cement truck to 'Pedophile Island' three weeks before damning expose was released, paying for machine up front so it would arrive quicker, as experts say he could have 'literally covered up evidence'
Right time for a black swan event?
If the gun control conspiracy is real, then why have they failed to pass the legislation?
Elon Musk
The Case Against Democracy: 10 Red Pills - Mencius Moldbug
Of what significance is epstiens black book?
Jeffrey Epstein info
BACK TO THE FUTURE predicts 9/11
Research Center Found To Be Trafficking Human Parts and Organs
A quick break from all things Epstien.
This is interesting.. it seems to be a joint account?
Hmmmm
INFO ON EPSTEIN AND FAMILY:
Examining Jeffrey Epstein's Death As Arkancide with Special Guest Larry Nichols
Mega Group, Maxwells and Mossad: The Spy Story at the Heart of the Jeffrey Epstein Scandal
"G. Maxwell" book reviews on Amazon following In-N-Out photo-op
We know by now that Ghislaine Maxwell was reading a book on Intelligence Operatives today. Here is her Amazon review of the book on her 7 year old Amazon account .
What Is The Global Warming Scam? David Icke On Climate Change Fraud
This Is Woke - Fake 'news network' for young people that has been launched around the term “woke” is actually a covert British government counterterrorism programme, security officials have admitted.
Ghislaine Maxwell leaves Amazon book review as eulogy to Jeffrey Epstein...
I know the whole area 51 meme was a distraction but i found this funny
What Is The Over-Vaccination Scam? David Icke On The Big Pharma Conspiracy
Conspiracy Crimes Of The Illuminati: David Icke | True Crime Podcast
If this doesn’t pan out ffs. If 45 doesn’t push this. If we all forget by breakfast. It’s panic time gang. We’ve been bamboozled, yet again. 🤤
United Auto Workers official indicted for taking millions in bribes as scandal spreads to General Motors - World Socialist Web Site
Jeffrey Edward Epstein Still Listed as an Inmate
What Is The Global Warming Scam? David Icke On Climate Change Fraud
Might as well put 9/11 on there too
Epstein death is not the conspiracy. Its everything that happened over the last 30+ years that is the conspiracy.
Hillary is a " Lifetime Honorary Member" of a Feminist Group of Elite Practicing Witches?
Jimmy Saville, Jeffrey Epstein, Madeline McCann &amp; Elite Chomo Rings - David Icke
So Brenton Tarrant, the Christchurch mosque shooter, made a one-month trip to Russia in 2015. Hmm. How about that?
Very weird timing coincidence
Did Bill Clinton Have Jeffrey Epstein Prison Suicided? Part 2
Epstein Island Mirrored Coordinates of Antarctica? Why would Twitter block me for this?
Big City Mysteries: Never Solved Urban Secrets
Goku is the Homer Simpson of anime
Did Bill Clinton Have Jeffrey Epstein Prison Suicided? Part 1
Calling Jeffrey Epstein's Black Book Numbers Including Mick Jagger
Does it ever scare you that you could be living your life normally as ever, and then accidentally come across something “they” didn’t want you to see, and then be killed as a result?
Prince Andrew’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein in 60 seconds
Ghislaine Maxwell at In &amp; Out = I'm Mossad MF'ers and YOU CAN'T TOUCH ME. HAHAHA!!!
I think I'm going to be sick. this revelation just hit me hard so i compiled a quick pic
Prison Guard's Shocking Stories: Neil Samworth | True Crime Podcast 6
Google's Leaked Blacklist Censorship, Media Racism &amp; The Numerous Proven Conspiracy Theories Pre-Epstein Bust!
Epstein's hyoid: a medical internist gives his opinion &amp; it is damning
Is there a r/conspiracy discord to join? I am in need of some data.
New York Post may have blown narrative Ghislaine Maxwell was alone when spotted at In-N-Out Burger. NYP recropped photos removing second cell phone on table.
How Are Prisoners Like Jeffrey Epstein Suicided? Clinton Body Count Donald Trump Tweeted
Insider Raises Alarm on Google’s AI Project in China
SMOKING GUN!..... SHOCKING FOIA DOCUMENT Shows FBI Agreed to Cover Up and Ignore All Hillary Crimes in Its 2016 Investigation!
What are your thoughts on Crazy Days And Nights?
illuminati playing cards
Jeffrey Epstein’s Autopsy Hyoid Break: Deep State Murder Or Prison...
AMA going on right now with a victim from the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in Parkland.
I've figured out what's going on with Epstein. It's so incredibly obvious.
REAL TALK FOR ADULTS ONLY What Ghislaine Maxwell's Picture on The Front Page of Daily News Means
"young woman"
Not the only one that has been seeing these unmarked choppers fly over me since the quake!!!hope others are recording all this too!!also people are reporting feeling strange vibrations through their body as well
It's awesome to see how much effort you guys put into this stuff.
Revealing All Names From Jeffrey Epstein's Black Book Part 3
Does anyone think the Epstein CD-ROMs will eventually leak somewhere, somehow?
When your little sister in Portland (who was convinced that you were crazy) moves in with two male roommates who immediately start showing her videos about Pizzagate
Philadelphia shooting...fake blood?
Is the bill clinton painting legit? I’m finding this very hard to believe ?? Sources?! Wtf
I feel like the only reason the death of Epstein is getting so much press is because they will eventually blame it on President Trump
Recent events shattered my world
A question to the sub
Revealing All Names From Jeffrey Epstein's Black Book Part 1
AlQaeda Goes Hollywood: Massive White Helmets Photo Cache Proves Hollywood Gave Oscar to Terrorist Group
Greenland conspiracy
Nothing like some chem trails to light up the night sky. *edited to enhance the darkness
NYPD officer kills himself after viewing recent Hilary Clinton tapes
What happens when NWO achieves its goal?
Revealing All Names From Jeffrey Epstein's Black Book Part 2 YouTube
The War on Terra is Fake and the CFR Media is in on it: Exposing the White Helmets - Collated Video Evidence of Terrorist Collusion - Over 50 Video Clips
Epstein's plane flew to Antarctica on July 23rd (same day as his first suicide attempt)
EPSTEIN'S PLANE FLEW TO ANTARCTICA
Broken bones
Interview with Igor Zinoviev, Jeffrey Epstein’s former bodyguard, driver, and personal trainer.
When your little sister in Portland (who was convinced that you were crazy) moves in with two male roommates who immediately start showing her videos about Pizzagate
A Scanner Darkly...philip k dick...orwellian surveillance state...conspiracy music video
[Serious] How do we make sure that we don't forget about Jeffrey Epstein?
Revealing All Names From Jeffrey Epstein's Black Book Part 1 YouTube Video
The recent shootings are a distraction from Epstein’s murder.
Great Barrier Reef Is In Much Better Shape Than Climate Alarmists Claim, Australian Environment Minister Confirms
From YouTube: Jeffrey Epstein’s Autopsy Hyoid Break: Deep State Murder Or Prison...
G. Maxwell's review of a book that Ghislaine Maxwell was photographed reading today. The review was also posted today. Read the last bit about giving one's life. Is she trying to tell us sonething?
I may have just stumbled onto something by accident...
4chan Just Exposed the Entire Chinese Government
This is what happens when you report UFO sightings and ET interaction to NORTHCOM. MURRRRICA!
Everything is a Rich Man’s Trick
A man was attempting to walk into a park full of pedestrians with an AR 15 and other concealed weapons.
Top Secret Chernobyl: The Nuclear Disaster through the Eyes of the Soviet Politburo, KGB, and U.S. Intelligence. National Security Archive, GWU.
For years someone dumped the bodies of sex workers 75mins west of Zorro Ranch, NM and 75mins east of E 71st St, NY
Interview with Igor Zinoviev, Jeffrey Epstein’s former bodyguard, driver, and personal trainer.
‘Shooting,’ ‘Bomb,’ ‘Trump’: Advertisers Blacklist News Stories Online: Companies are increasingly insisting their ads do not appear near articles or videos that contain any of a long list of words
22 years ago I was in Argentina when all this went down. History keeps repeating...
This isn't a conspiracy anymore
Rasputin never died he faked his own death and returned 200 years later as president Vladimir Putin
Ancient Mystic Oriental Masonry 1/?
Was Monica too obvious?
Where is Ghislaine Maxwell? Conflicting reports...
That they just "couldn't locate" Ghislaine Maxwell is insane. It's 2019
Why are conspiracy theories such a threat to those in power? My search turned me from an atheist into a born again believer
Amazing human skills, technologies and inventions
What happens if a revolution is successful and the government is overthrown?
Anybody that believes that we’ve been to the moon or mars, or any other place in this so called galaxy is an idiot..
Jeffery Epstein case is a made for TV movie
Crazy Epstein Updates From MSM - OPERATION SMOKESCREEN
Connecting Epstein, Nephilim, and "The Painting"
Epstein: Newly unearthed Audio interview
Ghislain Maxwell takes part in public photo op at in and out burger while reading book on the CIA that she left an amazon review for today.
Trump wants to buy Greenland, where THULE Air Base resides
Black Pigeon Speaks: The Political WEAPONIZATION of Phobias
Seriously... What is this under HRC's jacket? Back brace? Computer? Any thoughts?
What Would It Take To Build A World Without Globalists?
"1. DECLASSIFY has begun: Hillary Clinton collusion with the Chinese Government HRC was sending on purpose ALL HER EMAILS to Chinese Govt"
Can anyone tell me why the occupy wallstreet protests stopped?
Do you think “stranger danger” has carried over into adulthood for many younger generations, as a way to make people more disconnected from their community and more likely to turn to the internet instead?
NYPost finds Ghislaine Maxwell in LA at In-N-Out Burger... Not in Massachussets like story from yesterday. Was the other story to throw people off the track?
Man Claims that Epstein's death is an elaborate ritual of secret societies, explained with many elaborate coincidences within Numerology
Just for a moment, allow yourself to question the shape of our Earth.
Epstein Madam Photographed holding book titled “Book of Honor: Life &amp; Death of CIA Operatives”
Trump: ‘We have to start building [mental] institutions again’
They Abhor the Light!! Tell everyone you know! The Pedophiles are in the High places!!
What is the most important conspiracy that no one is talking about?
a portrait found at Epsteins mansion of Bill clinton in red heels...
Trump suggests opening more mental institutions to deal with mass shootings
This is what /u/stonetear (Paul Combetta) was up to.
Alan Dershowitz mock trial on child trafficking in the Bible canceled after Epstein suicide
My small town is covering something up.
possibilities of everything
Epsteins helper, Ghislaine Maxwell, did a photo op today in LA
Epstein was the top dog 😴
Declasspalooza: Here is the full 100+ page dump of info on HRC's "Carter Heavy Machinery" email metahack. It basically says she was hacked and copies of all her emails go to this weird email address.
Six UFOs 'creep past' International Space Station before NASA 'cuts live feed'
NASA ISS Video Shows UFO Spaceship With Legs Floating In Space
The Wire - How to Kill Jeffrey Epstein and Make it Look Like a Suicide
True Detective.
Request: Best 9/11 Documentary
Epstein theory
Secret Societies’ False Luciferian Biblical Doctrine Exposed - Fire vs. Water - The Hour of the Time - William “Bill” Cooper - MP3 (1:01:09)
Alan Dershowitz mock trial on child trafficking in the Bible canceled after Epstein suicide
Twitter censoring trends and other examples of the media trying to sweep Epstein under the rug.
After New YouTube app’ update I cant link/share, like, or event comment on videos like this! Somehow footage of a president disavowing racism and white supremacy is “inappropriate or offensive to some audiences”! Share! share! share! Shame on YouTube and the fake news conspirators!
Laptops: The beginning of the end?
Epstein Autopsy Reportedly Shows Broken Neck Bones More Consistent With Homicide Than Suicide
Just a reminder...the media is not your friend, and we are not headed for a recession
Interested in conspiracies? Join AChan! We have a lot of content on conspiracies!
Video: Cover up of the sun going micro-nova about every 12,000 years. BTW, it's been about 12,000 years.
Pizza gate shouldnt seem too far fetched to critics now.
Is Alec Baldwin implicated? Also, why would he implicate the Russians, what does this elite celebrity know?
In light of this post about Epstein/Antarctica, does anyone remember all the politicians/celebs that have traveled there in the last few years?
There are too many names in the Epstien story being intentionally left out or left vague. This is Nicholas Tartaglione, dirty ex-cop being charged with a quadruple homicide, and Jeffrey Epstien's cell mate.
Artists rendition of what "Not a Full Fledged Corrections Officer" usually looks like.
Weird Snapchat story that popped up on the SnapMap in ANTARCTICA???? It was the only hotspot there. Anyone have an idea of what this means?
G. Maxwell. review from amazon. it might be her.......
Maximum Gizlane Gets to Win Because She is a Winner YOU PEOPLE ARE LOSERS
Yeah, basically
A cure for HIV/AIDS?.....
What if they killed Jeffery Epstein to make us forget about the raid on Area 51
The chilling and blatant truths of Kamala Harris' oppressive truancy laws -
Exclusive Video of Epstein’s Zorro Ranch Breeder Farm
Does anybody remember this story?
Hmmm...Epstein + broken Hyroid + screams heard coming from his cell + ALL other obviousness = ??? (It’s good to see investigating still being done)
'Moon Landing!​ 1969.'
What's the ideal defense against the "silent weapons" being used against us in this "quiet war"?
Chester Bennington Chris Cornell Video 2
Not Jeffrey Epstein?
HRC had everyone single one of her emails being forwarded to CHINA
Book that Ghislaine Maxwell was reading when photographed has a review on amazon added on August 15, 2019 by G. Maxwell very interesting.
Lolita Express Arrivals Map, 1997-2006
Jeffrey Epstein was killed in a new york prison under bill deblasios watch. The people responsible need to be impeached
New! Epstein Tapes: Unearthed Recordings From His Private Island hits the media
George Webb (August 13th, 2019): Epstein Case Meets Kissinger On A Diplomatic Backchannel (Hint - Rockefeller Too)
Trudeau gets caught and convicted of breaking the code of ethics, he receives no punishment since his government has "learned lessons" and the PM creates the punishments
Remember those stories about deep fakes?
Autopsy finds Epstein suffered broken bones.
Isaac Kappy, an actor that started exposing Hollywood pedophilia and big named actors for the last couple of years. May 10, 2019 was his last live stream and he made it clear he was NOT suicidal. May 14, 2019 he was found dead and it was reported he jumped off a bridge to commit suicide #Epsteined
Has anyone compiled a list of Pedogate researchers from the past decade or two who have been killed or died under mysterious circumstances?
"Jeffrey Epstein’s gal pal Ghislaine Maxwell spotted at In-N-Out Burger in first photos since his death." Look at what she was reading . . .
Did Jeffery Epstein really die?
"Not A Full Fledged Corrections Officer"
Next up, false flag school shooting?
Any relevance to 6 fingers?
[meta] Our society’s elite are raping children. Why is no one taking the streets? Let’s.
TIL: In 2017 the FBI "learned about a plan" of a young schizophrenia man to detonate a half-ton vehicle bomb, sent an uncover agent to "pose as someone who could help construct the device provided inert materials" and helped him carry out his plan before arresting him. Possible
Great link about elite child sex ring and what pizzagate *actually* is/was, all laid out in early digestible format! If you are new and want to learn more but don't have time to dig, this is your friend!
Drone footage of epstein island over the last month
Laibach song with some strange symbolism
A Tale of Two search engines
The Legend Of Salad Man
Podcast episode on Epstein
How old were the girls at epsteins island?
[Meta] Always remember to browse by "new". It's where you will find the real conspiracy users and where discussion takes place.
[Meta] Even MSM news related to the Epstein case are being censored on reddit. That should teach you about the way social media sites are being manipulated.
Lolita Express Arrivals Map, 1997-2006
Autopsy finds broken bones in Jeffrey Epstein’s neck, deepening questions around his death
CNN’s Anderson Cooper Says Demographic Decline of White Americans is “Exciting”
Just browsing through some random Redditor’s comments (after being encouraged to do so) and saw people saying “Yeah the Dayton shooter called himself “left” but he wasn’t really Antifa.” How long has this been the idea put out there?
Hillary Clinton’s Emails Were Sent to Gmail Address Similar to Name of Chinese Company
Here it is folks, the smoking gun
Is Nuclear Tech Fake?
5 Signs Your Manifestation Is NEAR | Law Of Attraction
Opinion - Who wanted Jeffrey Epstein dead?
Was Jeffrey Epstein a CIA Asset?
Spotted in Buenos Aires, Argentina
Jeffrey Esptein Psychic Reading
Jeffrey Epstein once claimed to be a crisis manager for Elon Musk, as photo emerges of him at 2016 Oscars party with madam Ghislaine Maxwell
The phrase, "they were Epstein'd" will forever be synonymous with "killed to keep quiet".
Ghislaine? Maxwell spotted first time since 2016
Epstein is probably not dead
This seems fishy: Squeaky Clean [OC]
The Orwellian Age
What they fear the most
Is R Kelly the next one to “suicide”?
Philly law enforcement spray themselves with blood during shootout... why tf would they do that?
The legend of salad man
FDNY responds to fire at US government building in Lower Manhattan that houses the Department of Homeland Security's New York Passport Agency office
Philly police spray themselves with fake blood..... why tf would they do tha?
Is this the big news story they using to throw us off Epstein?
Steven Crowder Interviews Alex Jones
Counting the first twenty stories browsing by all about trump, they were 20 for 20 in being negative.. that makes zero sense if it’s organic.
Help - How to find out if a relative was CIA/ MK Ultra?
Maxwell/Epstein - Berman/Durst
THE BOOK OF HONOR -- THE SECRET LIVES AND DEATHS OF CIA OPERATIVES by Ted Gup
Here is your Fake Blood you geniuses
Epstein: Gateway to the Global Cesspit
The Epstein conspiracy is not about him, Ghislaine and the island. It’s about the thousands blackmailed VIPs who run our country. It’s more than his flight logs. It’s more than his little black book. Look far and wide.
Hey what if the mass shootings are orchestrated by gun companies?
Jeffrey Epstein Reportedly Planned To ‘Cooperate’ In Sex Trafficking Case, Accused Ex-Cellmate Of Attack
Spy vs Spy antics featuring Ghislaine Maxwell
CNBC interviewer very weird eye
Is anyone else unable to load archive.today or archive.fo ? What ISP are you on?
It writes itself.
Extraterrestrials vs Extortion
Epstein said “I still feel like I’m 27... I got stuck in a time warp at 27” in audio released last night from an interview in 2003
Curious what you guys think of this 2019 documentary looking into To The Stars Academy, the modern UFO phenomena, and the 2004/2014 Sicily fires. I had never heard of the Sicily fires before so if you have any input on them I'd like to hear.
Just a Theory about Trump-Epstein connection
Nora Quoririn apparently died of starvation in a week...
All of these outlandish news stories about shrieking coming from Epstein's cell, his neck being broken, replacement guards, hanging himself with a sheet, Clinton in blue dress, etc, are being propagated only to get you to accept the basic premise that he's dead. He's not, don't fall for it.
recap: -when Epstein arrest story broke Trump stayed quiet and instead went on a racist tirade against @IlhanMN &amp; @RashidaTlaib generating 2 weeks straight of headlines -yesterday the stock market crashed, today Trump goes on a racist tirade against @IlhanMN &amp; @RashidaTlaib
Days After Being Taken Off Suicide Watch, Jeffrey Epstein Spent Time Alone With Young Female Prison Visitor
Jeffrey Epstein’s Hyoid bone in his neck was broken. This can happen during a suicide by hanging but is most commonly found in homicide strangulation.
If somebody has the power/persuasion/ability to do what was done to J.E., with his connections and money, couldnt he be waking up in another country living a new life as Austin Bernstein or something simliar?
Hmm.. #PhillyShooting
This is a photo of Gloria Vanderbilt and her children, one being Anderson Cooper. Could anyone here knowledgeable enough break down the symbology displayed behind them?
Israel bars two members of US Congress
New "protection" laws
Breaking no rules is bannable in /r/Cincinnati as clearly stated by the mods. I wonder why the agenda to conform to their ideas is getting so heavily forced?
“The Shining” Conspiracies
Frazzledrip?
Ghislaine Maxwell is spotted at an In-N-Out Burger in Los Angeles. She was reading a book entitled "The Book of Honor: The Secret Lives and Deaths of CIA Operatives".
Disturbed by this tweet by President Trump
Someone being killed doesn't mean that the "secrets" they were trying to reveal to the public were accurate
Journalist Tracks Down Ghislaine Maxwell, Takes Pictures of Here Whereabouts. I Think This Is Only Going to Let the "Suicide Squad" Know Where She Is So They Can Get Her
Epstein Bought A Cement Truck Before The News Broke?
Philadelphia officer spraying himself with fake blood?
Who is really behind the "pro-democratic" unrest in HK?
Do you believe there was an effort in the 90's to push the serial killer idea? If so, what do you think is being pushed today?
Theory of Vaccinations and mind control
Jeffrey Epstein’s Hyoid bone in his neck was broken, which is more commonly found in homicide strangulation. It’s clear he was murdered now we will we ever find out by who did it?
Epstein's island: Who set the flag on the island to half staff? When was it set?
Theory: The US Military has been working with elite pedophile and sex trafficking circles, utilizing UFO tech for their nefarious practices since the 50s
"Tiananmen Square" and "Winnie Pooh" are banned on the official stream of Valve's Dota 2 Tournament, The International 2019, which is a cooperation between Valve and Shanghai government
911 Truth Collapse of Building 7 Reported BY BBC News Before It Happened...Ooops! This is it people - Larry Silverstein on camera admitting they demolished 7 World Trade Center! 9/11 was ground zero for planetary take over by the Illuminati who use people like Epstein to Traffick child for sacrifice
December 21st 2012 Weird Thing I Remember
Epstein's madame Ghislaine Maxwell photographed at In-N-Out Burger in Los Angeles - New York Post
EXCLUSIVE: How Ghislaine Maxwell, 57, stole millionaire tech CEO Scott Borgerson, 37, away from his wife and two young kids, moved into his seaside mansion and stayed under the radar until Jeffrey Epstein's arrest
The mysterious WiFi networks in Hawaii: a long summary of such theory.
Dr Cyril Wecht, an expert forensic pathologist, just stated on national TV that "multiple breaks" in the neck bones on a hanging are very rare, "out of over 200 cases in a Montreal study, only 4 had a hyoid bone break, 2 had multiple bone breaks, and 1 had cartilage damage"
You have to be kidding at this point.........
Jeffery Epstein is alive.
Calling Israel an apartheid state, will unsurprisingly, get you banned from r/Israel
How do you feel about events regarding Epstein?
It's just a never-ending series of manufactured distractions from Epstein.
Why the J Epstein murder conspiracy is genius.
Eric Dubay Re Upload of The United States Corporation.
Please Share: Policeman in Philly pours fake blood on himself! (Link)
Jeffrey Epstein visited Cuba as a VIP guest at the invitation of dictator Fidel Castro with Columbian President in 2003, a violation of US embargo laws
Theory: Ghislaine Maxwell will take the fall for all of this
A list of all the UK-centric people with direct connections to Jeffrey Epstein, sourced from Epstein's 2004-2005 contact book
Just for fun 👀
In the 1970s a giant pedophile ring was exposed that potentially involved John Wayne Gacy, The Oakland Child Killer, and Dean Corll.
Jeffrey Epstein shipped $50K cement truck to 'Pedophile Island' to cover up evidence'
Just want to say, All the Campaign for NOT using Straws, and Everyone Just... Forgot, even McD's they give Straws and Everyone Else when More Dangerous Plática Roam the Earth, Just Kind Of Bizzarre Agenda
Hey. Something for you lot. Give me your thoughts.
Personal conspiracy: All that facial recognition shit China has been getting flack for has been used in the US for at least 10 years now
How to protect children from vile predators? With it becoming apparent that there are so many depraved paedophiles lurking around every corner, what measures can (and do) parents take to safeguard their children? Particularly with busy schedules and an inability to monitor 24/7.
I’ve come to 2 theories on what Epstein’s outcome is after current news:
Keep it classy Ashkenazis
The "Epstien had a picture of X doing Y." (currently Clinton &amp; Bush) posts are giving debunkers fuel. Please stop upvoting obvious trolls.
Favorite Book (preferably Audio Book)?
Proof of Google censoring people with "controversial" opinions
The Case for Individual Divinity II
YouTube Video of GHW Bush Funeral Letters
Israeli Politician Ehud Barak Often Crashed at Epstein Apartment Building, Neighbors Say
David Icke on Epstein's death
An correctional officer allegedly drove a truck into a group of Jewish peaceful protesters outside a detention center
Can someone link footage of the Building 7 collapse being announced before it happend
Wtf? Can’t even watch a video without being tracked
Imagine this: Trump killed Epstein (even though he had nothing to do with it) so he could pin it all on Clinton and raise his approval ratings. Discuss below.
The modern government fears Personal Computers.
Epstein Autopsy: Does anyone know which bones besides the Hyoid?
Monopoly on Free Will
Broken Hyoid from Strangulation: Anywhere from 17%-76% chance.
read this
If you are wondering how an international satanic pedophile ring has managed to control the planet, allow me to tell you.
Epstein's Neck Broken In Multiple Places Pointing To Homicide, Experts Say
S-400 sells to NATO means only one thing!
Ghislaine Maxwell is either terrified or singing.
Hello, I’m new to this subreddit and I’d like to hear some thoughts on what the US would be like if Hillary Clinton had ended up in office, given the numerous scandals surrounding the Clinton Foundation
Other Suspicious Deaths
NSFW Natacha Jaitt Was An Argentine Whistleblower Exposing High Level Pedophile Ring Involving VIPs, Politicians, Movie Stars, Popes Friend, and Other Celebrities. She was "Epsteined"
Jeffrey Epstein Tarot Reading - 8/13/19
Anyone notice the tweets from Hillary and Podesta yesterday?
Shadow b&amp;
Philadelphia. - Pedophilia.
Interesting point
Petrodollar the reason Trump backed off China.
Police Spray Blood on Themselves During Philly Shooting
Strzok, FBI ‘dismissive’ of intel report China may have hacked Hillary Clinton emails
Epstein: Syrian Girl sights Mossad as the operatives
Yall Think The Philly Shooting Was Faked?
I posted a mainstream NBC news article about Epstein's body disappearing and being taken by an unidentified figure, and it was removed from r/politics for being off-topic, and then I was permabanned
Overstock.com CEO mentions « Deep State » - stock drops ~30% over 3 days. Also believes William Barr will restore « rule of law » in USA
I’m slowly waking up but I need smarter people than me to challenge what I think could be happening in our socioeconomic system. (Long read, lots of questions)
I might be the only one but anyone else think it’s strange the media is pushing the Epstein was murdered narrative?
REVEALED: The 'woke' media outfit that's actually a UK counterterror programme
Disgusting, don't believe anything the media tells you, this man is outright laughing and a paid actor.
whats so funny? birds of a feather flock together...Alfred E. Smith dinner...2016
Sacha Baron Cohen Uncovers Pedophile Ring; FBI Refuse To Investigate
Tried to GOOGLE Israel to see what exactly is so bad about it.....Found nothing but Pro Israel info.
What if it ISN'T Jeffrey Epstein's body?
Bill Maher apparently has no problem with pedophilia
The mosque shooting in Norway
Painting of Bill Clinton kept at Epstein’s New York Mansion https://apple.news/A0jCgDv3TTk2_XUaukgmKew
Jeffery Epstein - A Conspiracy We Can All Agree On?
Philly cops spraying fake blood on themselves (?)
See something say something. #MakeTheSwitch
When the apologists exclaim that you're being ridiculous by suggesting Epstein was killed at the behest of Clinton, Trump, others or any combination thereof, ask them to ask themselves this...
Calling it before the Netflix documentary, Ghislaine Maxwell is a total psychopath and is the mastermind behind the Jeffrey Epstein case. She may even be behind the Clinton body count.
Why doesn't anyone talk of censoring of pro-India comments in r/worldnews?
a laughing matter...?
Philadelphia shooting seems to be fake
Just a little bit of humer out of the shadiness of the clintons
Why I think Epstein is alive and well.
Calling Out Corporate Control of US Media, Sanders Campaign Launches 'Bern Notice' Newsletter
No one has mentioned the RED SHOES in the blue dress BILL CLINTON painting. In case you didn’t know what red shoe symbolism is, here is an article that touches on it.
Never seen a dead man with such polite hand posture. Truly committed to etiquette that even when dead he can keep his hand postured nicely. Or maybe he wasn’t so dead.
Video Title Says it All
Youtube changes video length so it doesn't say 9:11
Pittsburgh "Shooting" - Officers Caught On Film Covering Themselves with Fake Blood?
Minority Report Epstein’s Black Book
In 1982, “God’s Banker” fugitive Italian Roberto Calvi was mysteriously murdered. He was the chairman of Banco Ambrosiano - a private bank who’s main shareholder was the Vatican and who allegedly laundered money for the mafia.
Mainstream Media Escalates Attacks On Epstein "Conspiracy Theories"
IG report, Klintonzzz omnomnom
Im glad Epstein is dead.
Media contradiction. Media Suddenly Against Immigration
Stay laser focused, but think bigger when going down the rabbit hole. It’s always bigger than you’re thinking.
A question that doesn't make sense
I'm a little confused, how could Jeffrey Epstein "hurl" himself off the top bunk in a single-person cell?
That should do the trick
Wow China has so many people that they have to use random letters and numbers as Twitter handles - funny that ALL they talk about is Hong Kong (or maybe they're just pro-China bots with an agenda)
Quit posting dogmatic shit.
Mainstream Media Escalates Attacks On Epstein "Conspiracy Theories"
A look into TerraMar, Ghislaine Maxwell's Conservation Group
Is he dead though?
Food Shipment Destined For Venezuela Seized Due to US Blockade
This is a list of websites google has blacklisted. According to leaked documents
Vaccines Are a Choice Not a Mandate
Hidden in Plain Sight: The Shocking Origins of the Jeffrey Epstein Case
Senate Report: FBI Enabled Pedophile Larry Nassar
Documentary on the highly debated 2009 Taconic State Parkway crash
No one has mentioned the _red shoes_ in the blue dress Bill Clinton painting. In case you don’t know what red shoe symbolism is, here’s an article that touches on it.
The only "democracy" in the Middle-East
They're getting really blatant now with no shame...
There are one too many coincidences...
Anyone else feeling like this whole Epstein thing is too public to not have a larger motive behind it?
Anyone else notice the red leather shoes in the painting that was found in Epstein's townhouse?
What Happens When You Only Pursue Pleasure - Alan Watts
Remember that time the Clinton Foundation withdrew from a country, then a pedophile sex trafficking ring was busted 3-4 days later? No? What about the other time it happened?
Epsetein's relationship with former Israeli prime minister Ehud Barak, who introduced Harvey Weinstein to Mossad agents who intimidated his victims
Harvard Lawyer's Vaccine Injured Son
The Army's Newest Technology Is the Human Brain
What's Wrong With Aunt Diane?
Conspiracy of Conspiracy
Autopsy Shows Bones in Jeffrey Epstein’s Neck Were Broken - The New York Times
The "Curious" Timing of This Whole Google Thing ....
It's not that Facebook, or Google, or CNN, are inherently evil...
Google IS the Government. Stop being led around like sheep.
Tulsi Gabbard says she would drop charges against Julian Assange, and pardon Edward Snowden
MSM are pros at parkour
February 4, 2004 DARPA cancels a project called LifeLog which aimed to collect all the personal information it could about it's users from who they know, what they do day to day, when they do it, etc. It was a self imposed pattern of life tool. On that same exact day Facebook is founded...
COPS SQUIRTING FAKE BLOOD ON THEMSELVES DURING “SHOOTING” (VIDEO)
Israel bars visit by U.S. Democratic lawmakers
I am starting to believe that some aspects of 9/11 could be a Deep Fake.
ACTIVE SHOOTING SITUATION: Multiple SWAT Teams On Scene In Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
The Epstein Black Book
"Let that go." - Jeffrey Epstein's bodyguard during an interview, for those who haven't read it yet.
How they find out you "play ball" w their agenda
Philly Shootout w/ Police from 8/14, Officers spray fake blood?
2 hours ago Epstein’s autopsy was revealed, a few minutes later trump is pushing for Omar and Tlaib to be banned from Israel, shortly after they are banned and is breaking news, suddenly masking the Epstein autopsy.
Stickers, a good way to spread information?
Ghislaine Maxwell?
I can't take this censorship anymore!
Do you guys think Epstien was put on witness protection hence why the media is pushing conspiracies about his death so much.
The one thing that nobody is talking about with Epstein's broken neck bones. The nature of suicide watch cells is that they make it nearly impossible to do the act. This includes not having things tall enough to hang yourself from and snap your own neck. Explanation below.
HERE IT IS: Complete List of Inconsistencies in Prison Policy Surrounding Jeffrey Epstein’s Death
Sexual predators in Gov, way beyond Pizzagate
Trump at 2015 CPAC comments about Bill Clinton's trips to Epstein's island. Little did Trump suspect that someday the Deep State media (aka r/politics) would try to make it seem that *he* was trying to cover up the Epstein scandal.
I Wrote this post about Epstein over 4 years ago.
The Reason We Find Conspiracy Theories Fascinating, And Why We Should Start Using The Term “Alternative Media”
Autopsy Finds Epstein Had Broken Bone in Neck: Source
Russian Jet Carrying 233 People Lands In Corn Field
CrowdStrike Analyst Who Ran Forensics On DNC Servers Worked For Robert Mueller
Another Epstein painting (?) shows GHWB with paper planes crashed into a tower of blocks with scorpion shoe laces/buckles. Sitting in a child’s pose because he was in a classroom when the planes hit.
American President asks foreign country to ban two of his own congresspeople from entry
A laughing matter...?
All of these outlandish news stories about shrieking coming from Epstein's cell, his neck being broken, replacement guards, hanging himself with a sheet, Clinton in blue dress, etc, are being propagated only to get you to accept the basic premise that he's dead. He's not, don't fall for it.
FOIA DOCUMENT Shows FBI Agreed to Cover Up and Ignore All Hillary Crimes in Its 2016 Investigation
Multiple SWAT Teams On Scene In Brookline - Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania USA
What's worse for a reputation? In other words, what is more damaging to a business?
Very cool. Will this ever make to MSM?
Epstein had an oil painting of Bill Clinton in a dress and heels in a townhouse
P.E.O. Sisterhood
Is Epstein presumed inicent because he was not proven guilty?
Discovering broken bones in Epstein's neck be like
Maybe the "resuscitation" crew strangled him
Ex trump officials Michael Flynn and George Papadopoulos will be speaking at a Qanon conference in Georgia
Did these police officers just spray themselves with fake blood in yesterday’s shooting in Philly?
Philly cops spray FAKE BLOOD during shooting!
What's the point?! Epstein and more
Madoff whistleblower claims General Electric is committing fraud ‘bigger than Enron and Worldcom combined’
Hillary Clinton supporting HK Death Maidan; Something wrong is going on.
Epstein’s Plane flew to Antarctica on July 23rd
Epstein’s plan flew to Antarctica on July 23rd.
Epstein once claimed that consent laws were "little more than prudishly narrow accidents of history"
Drone footage. Discuss.
ACTIVE SHOOTER in Brookline, Massachusetts
Breaking News: Some Bullshit Happening Somewhere
Top secret teens: The high schoolers recruited by the National Security Agency
Former UFC fighter who worked for Epstein says he told him to stop with little girls,and that Epstein had help to do assisted suicide.
This seems prescient...
Shits bout to pop off courtesy of David Icke
Maxwell, Epstein and PROMIS: Why would PROMIS be connected to Epstein? This network is much larger than people suppose if it requires such software, and the possible presence of PROMIS also means you can't run the network without the active participation of intelligence agencies.
Atrazine: The commonly used pesticide chemical that turned male frogs into female frogs
Seized Iran tanker to be released in Gibraltar - how much has this nonsense cost the British taxpayer?
Is Epstein really dead?
Israel Bars Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib From Entering Country Due To BDS Support.
Wait, you forgot your fake blood for the deep state narrative!
YouTube's special treatment of Joe Rogan: they green-lighted the Alex Jones episode
Why are we not allowed to criticise Greta Thunberg?
Not only does Ghislaine Maxwell have ‘no permanent address’, her lawyers are ‘out of the country and can’t be reached for comment’
Thoughts on this?
Epstein’s plane flew to Antarctica on July 23rd.
The worlds billionaires
What if the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs was actually a UFO, and we are the aliens?
Autopsy finds broken bones in Jeffrey Epstein’s neck, deepening questions around his death
Is everyone in agreement?
Israel Has Been Stealing US Military Technology and Selling It To China for At Least 30 Years (New York Times- 1993)
Epstein Autopsy Finds Evidence He May Have Been Murdered: Jonathan L. Arden, president of the National Association of Medical Examiners, admitted that a hyoid break is more commonly associated with homicidal strangulation than suicidal hanging.
Autopsy finds broken bones in Jeffrey Epstein’s neck, deepening questions around his death
The Washington Post is lying when they say owner Bezos doesn't influence coverage. Biden will save owner Bezos tens of billions of dollars over Bernie who the Post constantly attacks
Jeffrey Epstein kept a secret diary, which contained 'meticulously detailed' information about his friendships with powerful people
Video of what appears to be a cop spraying fake blood on the arm of another cop in Philly shooting...??
Is everyone in agreement?
So... are we going to talk about this or what? "The Family’s Big Secret Is Hiding in Plain Sight"
FBI comes and visits the person who started Area 51 raid event, now he's doing a music festival instead. Is it a set up by the feds?
We need a hero
How can I be sure Epstein is alive? He thrived on blackmail. He would have had a dead man's switch tied to a major data dump. There has been no major dump. So he is alive.
Why did Epstien's plane go to Antarctica on July 23rd?
Video appears to show cops in Philadelphia spraying fake blood on themself
Epstein’s ex body-guard does a very unsettling follow up interview with the nymag.
Somehow he broke his own neck....
MSM coverage of Epstein death
Stefan Molynuex sums up the decline of Western civilization nicely here.
I keep getting popups in Firefox for random posts from r/conservatives. Not from any of the many other subs I subscribe to. What gives?
Google Documents Show the Enormous Scale of the Censorship
Hidden in Plain Sight: The Shocking Origins of the Jeffrey Epstein Case
Anyone else think mainstream media reporting Epstein's 'suicide' as suspicious is just a little too convenient?
Why THE FUCK did the United States kill Gaddafi?
That's some wierd shit right there
IRS staffer pleads guilty. Chump was cannon fodder for Deep State failed coup plot.
Google whistleblower reveals tech giant DOES blacklist some news sites
Unnatural Food and Allergies
2 posts on the main page asking about broccoli? I don’t know what this means but this can’t be a coincidence. Thoughts?
Posted a meme about Epstein and it got taken down. I guess he’s a celebrity now?
New leaked Google Documents by Project Veritas show Google admitting to interfering in the US elections
Umm philly false flag?
Prison guard sleeps on duty while Epstein takes his own life (2019, colorised)
My ex might be planning something
Americans Oppose Israel Lobby Junkets - Antiwar.com Original. But longstanding capture of the IRS perpetuates conduits like AIEF, 501(C)3 funding of AIPAC. Grant Smith, August 15, 2019
Stefan Molynuex sums it up nicely here.
Location of Chinese troops prepping for Hong Kong suppression is in the oval inside the triangle ( all seeing eye? ) Surveillance State
Epstein went from being a 'billionaire' to a 'financer' and a 'pedophile and sex trafficker' into a 'sex offender'
Research Confirms What I've Always Told You About Socialists
Epstein’s death was caused by a “broken neck”
Where is the world is Julian Assange? Everyone is flying like a moth to an Epstein bug zapper.
All this push for talking about a recession is a way to weaken the US.
Are we in agreement?
Google insider leaks docs revealing search engine ‘blacklist’
UK is behind Antisemitism, Israel sanctions, Iran, and Russia push to war!
What's the deal with America apparently organising the Hong Kong protests?
Report: Epstein autopsy finds several broken bones in neck, raising questions
A long reach (apolitical): trump was elected by coordinated Russian/Israeli intelligence op?
Are Conspiracy Theorists Being Manipulated?
So what do you all make of this? A knowledgeable person about jail system states its literally impossible for Epstein to have commited suicide alone
Tapestry of Terror (Highly Graphic) - White Helmets Exposed As FSA Terrorists Linked With ISIS
Alan Dershowitz, defender of statutory rape, engaged in multiple sex acts with underage girl &amp; foursome with Epstein in Limo according to victim testimony
The Multiple Broken Bones In Epstein's Neck Confirm Suicide To Be Unlikely
Linked below is a video showing Philly cops using what seems to be fake blood during the insane shootout yesterday.
How is it possible to do forensics on an enormous property like this in a day? It’s not possible. Was it for optics?
TIL about SouthChina Zombie Research Centre
ILPT: Global market manipulation 101
The Man Who Could Inherit Jeffrey Epstein’s Millions
Pro-Brexit capitalists attempt to bring additional pressure to their globalist rivals through a US-UK trade deal
i don’t want to be morbid but...
Back in 1984, when Bill Wyman (Rolling Stones) was 47 years old, he started dating 13yr old Mandy Smith and started having sex with her when she was 14. He wasn't the only musician having sex with children.
JE apparently "had injuries "more common in victims of strangulation."
I'm heavily into conspiracy but i find FE far fetched.
Fluoride may diminish kidney and liver function in adolescents, study suggests
Since the old fashioned contact book from Epstein was published, has someone tried to make a call to one of these contacts?
Is Epstein case a diversion of news and focus on other matters that were in the news spotlight, which ironically disappeared?
A Case for Murder: Brittany Murphy Files
Why is 'Bloodlines of the Illuminati' hosted on CIA.gov?
It's obvious Epstein was just an asset handled by Ghislaine Maxwell for the real power brokers.
Just a repost of some Pizzagate articles
Microsoft admits contractors listen to Skype, Cortana chats
Epstein: Gateway to the Global Cesspit by David Icke
/r/Politics Mods taking down posts about ICE Van driving through protestors.
Protest at your US district court
Steven Crowder interviews Alex Jones about Epsteins Death
I am so sick of this.
Jeffrey Epstein’s Autopsy Hyoid Break: Deep State Murder Or Prison Suicide?
In the light of the Eppstein Thing, the children @ the front of the train in the movie "snowpiercer" look like the director hinted something.
Reminder of the time when the powers that be hypnotized and scapegoated a Palestinian Christian for the assassination of RFK.
Google admits to interfering in the US elections in new leaked documents
Top Comment from Top r/News Story Removed - Reddit Covering for Pedophile Rapist
I’ve haven’t heard this theory about Epstein , I am open to criticism I don’t kno much about law
Has everyone seen the news footage where they talk about building 7 falling before it has and you can see it in the background??
Fishy....
The Road to Civil War
I’m starting to think these comments are planted.
'Climate change contrarians' receive 49 per cent more media coverage than scientists, US study finds
I'm sure I can't be the only one to notice...
What ELSE is happening besides Epstein?
Liberals: plzzagate is a conspiracy theory. Also liberals:
Protestors entered the building at 9pm, police video released at 9:30pm, video filmed at 5pm.
4 Pages Epstein Police Report from Palm beach by deceased detective Joseph Recarey.
I was curious to find out what The_Donald was saying about Epstein. Then, this happened.
Drone captures footage of the FBI raiding Epstein's house, FBI agents cover the windows so it can't tape whatever happens inside. The channel has plenty of videos of Epstein's island.
Viewing censored comments of this front page thread is rather interesting - clean up crew in action
Reddit Epstein censorship on full blast
plz help me find a pizzagate article thingy I saw once, it was great, showed pics of all kinds of insta posts, the podesta emails, fbi info on pedo symbols, etc. all in one long article
Christ Church shooter wrote a letter that eventually got onto 4 chan.
Let's go deep into the rabbit hole
Welcome to the new members of this community! If you're here for Epstein and want to go deeper down the rabbit hole of truth then look into Tower 7!
Jeffrey Epstein autopsy reveals broken bones in neck, cause of death pending: The hyoid bone, which is near the Adam’s apple, can be broken in a suicide by hanging -- especially in older people -- but is more common in strangulation murders.
Epstein isn't dead. No video from court. No video from holding facility 'suicide'. 3rd Party Autopsy done. Unknown associate picks up body. Feds just let go a child rapist/sex trafficker.
What do Big Tech companies like google have to gain promoting left wing media over right wing media?
Epstein autopsy finds broken bones in his neck
Sorcha Faal says FBI Divers Recover Human Bones In Waters Off Epstein “Orgy Island” As “Deep State” Meltdown Accelerates
Mandela affect?
Question for those who believe in pedophiles in government
What if Michael Jacksons death wasn't an accident?
Scarborough persists in asking uncomfortable questions about Epstein's death, backlash follows
Game of Thrones actress claiming Israel social services kidnapped her baby for child trafficking
Jeffrey Epstein's body claimed by unidentified 'associate'
Admins removed this comment in a recent Epstein thread.
Just a reminder: we still have zero proof that Jeffrey Epstein is actually dead.
Report: Google Insider Gives 950 Pages of Documents to DOJ
Why nothing will happen with the Epstein case.
New game platform! FREE 0.02BTC for everyone!
Guards assigned to watch the night/early morning of his death fell asleep for 3 hrs
There is a passage inside Epstein's temple. The new drone footage shows the floorboards have been pried up
Trump on 9/11
Can confirm google is doing weird stuff, thanks to u/solnushka for the discovery
how is the philly cops using a bloodpack not news here?
Google Finally Exposed for who they really are A Modern Day Thought Police
My theory on Hitler's death.
Autopsy finds broken bones in Jeffery Epstein’s neck - The Washington Post
Bill Gates reportedly met with Jeffrey Epstein to 'discuss philanthropy' after the disgraced financier went to jail for sex crimes
I think with Epstein's death we've finally figured out what was going on.
Epstein autopsy: key broken neckbones suggest STRANGULATION and not hanging as the cause of death!
Alex Jones. (I love him. What do you think?)
They said pizza gate was for sure a conspiracy claiming it had no truth yet the theory mentioned Obama visiting a unnamed island many times during his presidency. Fast forward to recent times, Epstein has a pedophile island where he was running a under aged child sex ring... Any thoughts?
Shootings are a cover for Hong Kong and the ccp
Epstein Investigation Thread?
David Cole at Auschwitz - Edited version
CNN pushing Epst drama and you still think you are "onto something"?
cern
Ya'll seen this shit?
Oh-oh.. while you were all sidetracked with what's his name.. Yuan Epstein from Welcum back Cotter.. this was going on over here. Nevermind your pizza-gate, eh? ROFL [satire]
Ghislaine is an interesting name .
This article did not age well.
Have you ever reallh sat and thought deep about life...
The normies are catching on
Shall we discuss the Taylor Swift sexual assault case that's about to break?
Let's start JFK Day
Major respect for all that Julian has done. But sadly the establishment may be the end of him.
How does the US 'news' media not consider 30,000 Clinton emails being relayed to carterheavyindustry(at) gmail.com not considered a major violation/breach of national security? This is a major Chinese company.
Can anybody help me out? Looking for a link to the video of an apparent victim’s parent talking about the El Paso shooting, and he walks out grinning and laughing, then puts on a pitiful attempt. Very sus, please help me find the video
What do you guys think about man made earthquakes, do you think it could be used as a weapon ?
The world is always going to have a powerful group of pedos
Great new documentary featuring the new UFO stories brought to us by TTSA and the spontaneous fire events in Sicily in 2004/2014. Mouthybuddha is criminally under viewed and people have to see this.
The CIA may have another secret... BACKWARD CAUSATION
Saw this driving around town today, is it a part of cicada 3301?
New Lil Pump music video shows him purchasing a baby from a lady at 1:14 mark...
Media Assails Epstein Suicide Skeptics as "Conspiracy Theorists"; NYC Fire Department Commissioners Call for 9/11 Truth
August 14, 2019 Re: Investigation of the DOJ’s and FBI’s Handling of the Clinton Investigation- Morning r/con Enjoy.
"JUST IN: Jeffrey Epstein’s body has been claimed from the New York City medical examiner's office by an ‘unidentified associate’ - WNBC 10:00 PM · Aug 14, 2019"
"Trust us, he committed suicide"
Lyme disease as war weapon? Inside New Jersey representative's push for probe
Google poses a serious threat to democracy.
Google Poses a Serious Threat to Democracy
Jeffrey Epstein had a painting of Bill Clinton wearing a blue dress and red heels in his home
Reccomended Reading For All Truth Seekers (Books, Ebooks, PDFs)
NASA - Increased Activity over San Andreas Fault
This sub as now been invaded by fakes news and corporations. I get regularly News with well known public disinformers. Time to join a new r/
Epstein had a broken Hyoid bone. Those are more common in victims of homicide by strangulation
Did the world really end in 2012?
Will Epstein's attorneys ever drop names?
Broken neck in a suicide?
NASA Activity - San Andreas Fault
Epstein murdered on Putin's orders at the request of Trump?
Just a general question not really a conspiracy
The Federal Reserve, the EU Central Bank and the Bank of England are controlled by apprentices of the Jesuits.
The idea of duality when applied to freemasonry. A friendly fraternity or a secret society? Some interesting facts about the Rothschilds and other European oligarchs and also, what interesting facts do you know about freemasonry and other secret societies?
Five companies control 90% of the media in the US. These and companies on the outside are controlled by the CIA, the Jesuits and their apprentices.
Epstein's Plane Still Active &amp; 7/23 Flew to ANTARCTICA
The black pope used spies to obtain the complete plans for the largest ground invasion in military history, the German invasion of Russia in WWII.
Almost every comment on the video is like this.. makes me proud
The Jewish role in the German communist revolution of 1919, The Treaty of Versailles and The Munich agreement.
Communism was tested by the Jesuits in Paraguay before the Russian revolution. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
The Jewish role in the Russian Communist revolution.
Holocaust denial arguments: The many contradictions in the story of Höss and the impracticality of the gas chambers.
Epstein’s autopsy finds a broken hyoid bone - a symptom not uncommon in hangings, but more frequently found in “homicidal strangulation”
This article did not age well.
Tucker Carlson is being scrubbed off YouTube
Mainstream Media is programming and brainwashing you with Neuro-linguistic Programming. Learn their techniques and it will help you understand their agenda. Example with Fox News's Hannity and a 9/11 truther:
I’m scared to ask this anywhere else because you reasons.
Anyone else as shocked as I am about this?
Autopsy finds broken bones in Jeffrey Epstein’s neck, deepening questions around his death
Epstein autopsy reveals broken bones, deepens questions about his death
Any connection between the nine NYPD officers that have committed “suicide” this year? Nothing to do with Weiner’s laptop?
This is why it was delayed “Autopsy finds broken bones in Epstein's neck, deepening questions around his death”
What to make of the Police Standoff in Philly!
Can't believe Netflix is bold enough to finally name the religious group that amasses and abuses power!
Philadelphia shooting.. please stop shilling and lying.. if you do not know this area
Autopsy finds broken bones in Jeffrey Epstein’s neck, deepening questions around his death - The Washington Post
I think I found a pro conspiracy theories bot
Autopsy Finds Bones Broken In Epstein's Neck
big brain energy
Jeffrey Epstein autopsy reportedly finds broken bones in neck
Police Officers Spray Fake Blood on themselves during Philadelphia Shooting 8/14/2019
When I typed in “Jeffery Epst”...
I'm sure the connection has been made already but haven't seen it anywhere. FBI release a memo saying conspiracy theories are a new domestic terroristic threat. 9 days later Epstein dies under suspicious circumstances leading to an influx of conspiracy theories.
Serious question - why hasn't Maxwell been arrested yet?
Philly officers seen throwing fake blood on the ground during "shooting" today, during live television. Stay classy Philly. DL the video if you really want to be executed for being a domestic terrorist conspiracy theorist.
This Philly Police Shooting is not a gun control issue, it is a result of the War on Drugs
2002 “I’ve known Jeff (Epstein) for fifteen years. Terrific guy,”
Public schools purposely don't teach kids finances in order to keep future generations in debt.
Epstein's body claimed by "unidentified associate"??
Philly shooting
[Discussion] So much Epstein, so little Hong Kong...
LIVE: FBI Find Bones Of Sacrificed Kids Outside Epstein's Satanic Temple + Proof Clinton's Paid Off Guards! (CLICK PICS!)
Autopsy finds Epstein neck injuries are more consistent with homicidal strangulation
How Reliable Is Alex Jones?
Clinton Blue Dress Painting, Paper Planes &amp; 9/11
This Guy Seems Scared For His Life
Recent Clinton Blue Dress Painting, Paper Planes, &amp; 9/11
What subreddits or other Websites do you go to?
Unearthed recordings from a 5 hour interview with Epstein on his private island by David Bank in 2003. Tapes on his personality, making money, security concerns, and more -- all in his own words.
Claims that Google executives called in a bomb threat to intimidate a whistleblower.
McDonald’s Cicada
Epstein's "Suicide" is a red herring
Why does nobody talk about animal agriculture effecting the climate as much as anything else?
This isn't weird at all, Google.
And just like that, no one is talking about Epstein.
Anyone else notice the photos of Epstein’s body have been scrubbed from google?
How/Why are the "elite" child pedophilia/sex trafficking rings of the world covered up?
What does this mean? Got it from a Tarot Reader.
Jeffrey Epstein’s Bodyguard on His Former Boss's Suicide: "Somebody helped him to do that" This is a trip...This guy has clearly been warned off.
4chan “Epstein Dead” Epic Thread - Real and Not Gay
Hong Kong Protesters being paid.
Hong Kong Protesters being paid to riot
Anyone else
Active Shooters in Several Areas of New Cumberland West Virginia
Jeffrey Epstein's body claimed by unidentified 'associate'
Fall of the Roman Empire | The Fall of the Western Roman Empire (also called Fall of the Roman Empire or Fall of Rome) was the process of decline in the Western Roman Empire in which the Empire failed to enforce its rule, and its vast territory was divided into several successor polities.
Epstein apparently used Zorro Ranch as a "mind control breeding farm" to create his "own human beings, his own type of master race".
My account got flagged for unusual activity. Why is this happening?
Epstein's Former Bodyguard Sounds Scared in Recent Interview
Circled names in Epstein's contact book are probably suppliers.
Found missing links (LI)
Jeffrey Epstein =cover up! R/conspiracy
I have Epstein's blackbook
Video of Hong Kong protestors forcing a reporter to delete photos... But why are they all speaking broken English? Was this video intended for Western audiences?
Visual representation of MSM depiction of how Jeffery Epstein Committed suicide
Epstein Knew Too Much
This article says the painting was verified by law-enforcement to have been found in Epstein‘s apartment.
The government invented darkness to sell flashlights and lightbulbs
Baby Shark Is A Genius Song! Hidden Messages! (WATCH TILL THE END)
Synanon, the Brainwashing “Game” and Modern Transgender Activism: The Orwellian Implications of Transgender Politics.
Had my account permanently banned from Reddit for reading Epstein posts on r/con.
Isn’t it just a little weird that ghislaine is now in the company of a CEO that provides logistic software to maritime shipping operations. Isn’t that exactly her expertise?
Conspiracy Theories &amp; The Occult
What's the latest on the TAPS Act? I can't find any articles after a few months ago.
Active Shooter in VA
Cant find live streams that are actually livestreaming the philly shooting
What the hell is going on with how the majority of the population are smart phone zombies?
Jeffrey Epstein is a cover up!!!
A Scandal in Bohemia
Has anyone noticed the Feminist Owned/Cringe comp channels have been deleted
On this Epstein bandwagon I think we all neglect this notorious piece of evidence. Mckaney manor, where if you sign a "contract it's legal torture. The man running the show is in with local police as well. Furthermore he streams to unknown paying individuals in Vegas.
Divide and conquer!!
Has anyone given any thought to this 'what3words' being sponsored on Instagram? The whole thing just seems overwhelmingly unsettling to me.
You wanna know why the market is actually taking a shit right now?
Advice needed: should my wife and I reconsider naming our expected baby daughter 'Ghislaine'?
Who is Rusty Shackleford and where is he operating the drone from?
Why the Epstein dead man switch theory doesn't add up
Suicided: The Final Days of Jeffrey Epstein
Why not?
Anthony Cumia details everyone who mysteriously died with Clinton connections.
Conspiracy Theorists A New Domestic Terrorism Threat: Paul Craig Roberts Slams The FBI's "Open Invitation To Tyranny"
Epstein distraction fully in place. (6 police officers shot in Philadelphia active shooter incident)
Wait, just a thought but hear me out....
U/IAmMrPositive(of r/Cringetopia was suspended by admins because U/WaglerConure wanted to increase his position in the sub.
Most are familiar with cattle mutilations. Organs are harvested with laser precision, all blood is drained and bones are shattered as if the animal was dropped from extreme heights. Yet few have heard of human mutilations. Many chilling cases have been studied and reveal ufology's darkest secrets.
The real name of Greta Thunberg's sailboat is "Edmond de Rothschild"
Rachel Chandler (RC) - Still working with Walter Pearce (Midland Agency ) Early June 2019
Active shooter is trending on twitter, I'm sure we are all so "shocked"
Let me try to get this straight about Ghislaine Maxwell
Why do socialists always use monarchies as examples of how their system works? Is a monarchy not the exact opposite of what a socialist wants on paper?
Does anyone have any new evidence towards Michael Jackson’s murder??
Retired Area 51 Worker Reveals UFO Secrets After Drunk Night In Vegas
A thought I had about the 2/10 yield invert. How convenient of a time to happen.
This is why this philly shooting situation will be memory holed. Doesn't fit the narrative. People associated with shooter coming out of his apartment earlier.
“Conspiracy isn’t a theory — it’s a crime”
Jeff Davis (Whose Line is It Anyway) &amp; Dan Harmon discuss being blackmailed over Ghislain Maxwell and their thoughts on Epstein / Trump
A Simple Question ....
Republican Steve King opposes abortion even in cases of rape/incest on the grounds that without them humanity might never have survived
Never forget many of us said another event would happen to move the Epstein suicide into obscurity. Cops getting shot in Philadelphia is that event.
The Global warming question
The ninja porn scandal was actually done by himself or mixer.
The only reason scarcity exists is so it can be used against you.
Jeffrey Epstein’s Bodyguard on His Former Boss’s Lifestyle, Cruelty, and Suicide: "Somebody helped him to do that." "You think somebody helped him kill himself?" "Yeah."
Interview w/ Jeffrey Epstein’s Bodyguard on His Former Boss’s Lifestyle, Cruelty, and Suicide
Whitney Houston showing the 666 hand sign in her first live TV performance. Upcoming stars will be told to show these symbols to slowly allow the devil in and eventually sell their soul at the height of their career. Whitney said Bobby painted evil eyes and demons on the walls to scare her.
Well this just pisses me. Epstein only got 13 months, du pont exec child raper got probation, prosecuter was joe bidens son.
Channeling Chris Cornell/Chester Bennington (Epstein mentioned)
Google Engineer Goes Public, Devastating Tech Giant
Multiple Philly police officers wounded, 2 trapped, in active shootout near Temple University’s health campus. Livestreamed on Facebook.
Dutch MP Warns "Rule of Law Will Disappear" In Islamized Europe
"Free Meek" has only been out 5 days and already "unavailable"
Epstein was in good spirits before his death, according to source
Meme
What wouldn’t they do?
On a climate side note
Now r/conspiracy shows up on google search when it neverd did before
Being Batman: assassinating the elite
Epstein's bedsheets were largely made of paper making it unlikely he could have hung himself
Major Developments In The Epstein Suiciding Scandal - Epstein Island Raided &amp; Trump's First Comments
Repealing section 230 is stupid
Statements on Suicide-
Alex Jones is the modern era Nostradamus
That time the Chinese government donated $2.8 million to Bill Clinton's 1996 presidential campaign
"Why would we do that though? To what end?"
“The Family” on Netflix
Unfortunately we need a new name, they have successfully fucked it. Truthers are synonymous with 911, which I don’t believe official story. But saying the words conspiracy theories is playing into their plan
Odd painting of Bill Clinton in a blue dress, found in Epstein's Manhattan townhouse
Epstein, iran, rep &amp; dem, fox &amp; nytimes
Today I read about Ghislaine Maxwell’s supposed “laying low” with the tech CEO Scott Borgerson in his Massachusetts home.
23 days ago.
Why 'Red Flag' laws are terrible - Google attacks whistleblower
Who thinks Aaliyah was murdered??
Jfl, here they go again.
My Epstein Rant
evidence that El Paso had 3-4 shooters NOT 1 shooter
How to defeat tyranny and keeping it from ever coming back
What is latest on Tracy Twyman? Any news? Any new information? I have not heard a word since her death.
Epstein Tapes Emerge: Dead Pedophile Describes His Lifestyle In Unearthed Recordings
XPost /r/videos: Barbara Walters' incredibly creepy response to Corey Feldman admitting rampant pedophilia in Hollywood
Why doesn't the American media call Xi Jinping of China a brutal Communist Dictator and demand we go help the people in Hong Kong like we do certain other countries?
Mods on r/conspiracy are engaging in active censorhip
What happened to Tucker Carlson’s channel on YouTube
Fuckery afoot
Can anyone provide some information on so-called “FEMA camps”?
AYY LMAO spotted at 11PM in Stockholm, Sweden
Another Austin puzzle piece
Cali is in for it big its bout to go down pray for ridge crest
Epstein's Models, Virgin Island Dentist, Perfect Privacy LLC connection?
Any good channels about conspiracies?
Clinton Body Count
Prince Andrew’s daughter is doing a podcast to highlight modern slavery
If 9/11 was an inside job why would all these people keep it a secret?
Clinton Body Count
We are not them
According to the FBI we are all domestic terrorists (published May 30th 2019)
Wolf Blitzer just asked a S.W.A.T. expert about the ongoing Philadelphia situation why the officers on the ground “don’t try talking to the shooter or shooters with a bullhorn or something”
Raid Area 51? How about raid Epstein’s funeral?
Where IS Ghislaine Maxwell? (Epsteins Slave master and alleged underage procurer)
Jeffrey Epstein: Two guards 'fell asleep' then falsified records after inmate removed from pedophile's cell
Why did ex-Trump Labor Secretary Alex Acosta give Epstein a slap-on-the-hand?
Here is the best article I have found about Ghislaine Maxwell’s newest lover. Pretty sure he is a another spook. His influences are the Rothschilds &amp; the guy who knew Ghislaine’s dad &amp; who Bill Clinton pardoned on his last day in office - Marc Rich.
/r/Videos/ mods remove comment with pedophile ring news articles that gets 2x platinum, 2x gold, and 2x silver, after being up for only 29 minutes.
All posts about Fredo are being heavily manipulated
Crashing Health In America - The facts about the crashing health of American Children - This 4 minute video will open your eyes about the truth about the state of modern medicine
What is the endgame for removing section 230 protections from tech companies? What does the government gain from it?
Economic crash?
In light of recent events, I just want to give a shoutout to everyone who helped with the pizza event. Thank you.
Regarding Epstein's case: Are people in high spheres (Trump, Clinton, Prince Andrew, Saudi Arabian royalty, etc) rivals on ANY level or are they all just pretending while having the common goal of holding onto their power while keeping the masses down and oblivious?
Clinton Body Count
What side of the political spectrum do you guys lean on?
Link to google maps timeline. I can pick any day back to 2017 and it knows exactly where I've been it plots it on a map with directions at the bottom.
What happened to Epstein on July 23rd, does anyone know? Did someone try to kill him, was it an accident, or a failed suicide attempt? Why wasn't this being investigated, or was it?
A little humor.
Can they track those off the radar? Or is everyone with a phone or computer subject?
Six officers shot in Philadelphia. Possibly to draw more attention away from Epstein.
With all that is going on and things that will come to pass, I can think of no better time for this video.
I thought this should be in here as well. “Overworked”
Alien Epstein
Holocaust
Anyone have a list of shootings that were shut down a lot quicker by using a gun?
Can someone help?
Leaked Photo From Epstein Mansion Shows Portrait of Bill Clinton in Blue Dress, Red Heels
What’s the deal with the red shoes?
The economy soon will crash. The ruling party might change. It matters, but very little because it’s a cycle. Here’s how the rich are gaming the R/D system:
At least 5 policemen shot in Mass shooting in Philadelphia
The Holocaust
Under the 405 LA.
Jeffrey Epstein RIP, by Philip Giraldi
Why are people focused on Epstein's connection with the Clintons, yet seem to ignore his connection with Trump?
I have a news widget on my homepage that recommends 5 news stories. All 5 were about that Eipstein guy. I click an app and after a while I come back to this.
Jeffrey Epstein Dead with Ryan Dawson
Congress subpoenas online platform 8chan over white supremacy and extremist content
Anyone else read this please? Think it gets to the truth of Epstein. Russian mobsters, Mossad, Maxwell and Epstein
Chip in obese people's brains to zap them when they think about food - Clinical trials to Start
.
Your activities are in here....waiting to be used to detain you for your own good for believing in government conspiracies. Its coming...
We Were Warned: Freedom to Chains
LIVE: Multiple police officers shot in "active and ongoing" shooting situation in Philadelphia?
Theory: Now that the proverbial cat is out of the bag with regards to the world being governed by a gang of pedophiles, they have pulled the plug on the economy.
They're all dirty. If they get out of line, it makes the public domain. That's how they control each other and maintain their secrets... https://youtu.be/MutGxH4fa8M
Alex Jones Was Right About Epstein
Chernobyl 2.0 is happening and no one is talking about it
Connection?
'Several' Philadelphia officers injured as they respond to shooting incident
The World's Darkest Secrets
Active shooting in Philadelphia
Could Maxwell be behind the sex trafficking ring in Boston?
Don’t know if this goes here
They're all dirty. If they don't behave, it's comes out. Imma a leave this here.
Mediterranean Discoveries - Heracleion - Thonis Have Some Friends IDK what it is but it looks awesome.
If you're wondering why the Area 51 memes were being pushed so hard.
Russian nuclear accident.
The truth hurts
Nibiru's return
Is this Bill Clinton? Could anyone use AI to Upscale this photo?
“A Narco State Supported by the United States”: How Crime &amp; Corruption in Honduras Fuel Migration
Warn wherever possible
Breaking news! Active shooter in Philadelphia PA. Multiple shooters reported, per police chatter!
In Football matches (Soccer) referees are told through their headphone to make controversial decisions to make a more dramatic game.
Probably available on Twitter
Bill Clinton In Dress Photo In Epstein's Mansion?
The Man There For It All, Michael Baden.
Everyone is saying there is a conspiracy about Epstein's suicide, but what if his suicide was faked?
Bond 10 year bond markets tank in.....
This sub is truly making me have a crisis about my career choice in Law Enforcement.
Confirmed: Bruce Ohr Funneled Wife’s Fusion GPS Docs To FBI
Leaked Google documents openly admitting to manipulating search results to artificially show more non-White people
Ah yes, a classic from r/legoyoda, this is
Why child molestation?
It's not about race, sex, age, religion or politics. It's about money. It's always been about money. Kill the rich!
Hmm
Stock Market Tanking.. Thoughts?
In 2016 alone and only in the US there were 7500 reported cases of human trafficking. But they say only 115 kids a year are kidnapped by strangers...sure
Who is Jeffrey Epstein?
Pizzagate #carisjames
Questions about fluoride
Is “the family” on Netflix a good conspiracy documentary?
Trickle down economics works when we kill the rich...
Epstein lawyers: Keep non prosecution agreement intact
Plug for an excellent podcast devoted to the Epstein case
Google AutoComplete. Men Can Have: Babies, Get Pregnant, Have Babies
Where is Ghislaine Maxwell?
I don't understand the conspiracy behind epstein
The Zionist Propaganda machine is in panic mode!
New! Latest "Rusty Shackleford" Drone Video Shows What's inside Epstein's Pedo Temple! Creepy!
Corbett Report #361 - The Final Days of Jeffrey Epstein
Bones and skulls of children found under Epstein's temple after elite divers do a search underwater
What the FUCK is wrong with Britain!?!?
Don Lemon In Trouble sued for alleged assault
If you think you're phone is listening, this is for you
Brain Taylor on Twitter: Prince Andrew Retiring From Public Life
Why was this in Epstein's house?
Why are there no audio or video recordings of Jeffrey Epstein?
Did Jeffrey Epstein have painting of Bill Clinton wearing a blue DRESS and red heels and lounging in the Oval Office inside his Manhattan mansion? Visitor reveals bizarre image inside pedophile's $56m lair
Wow. Bones and skulls of children found under the epstein temple after divers do a search underwater
anyone think there’s a link or am i tinfoiling??
Ranch 111, Plano, Texas, known by locals as a site of Satanic rituals yet is almost unsearchable after being purchased in the 90's
Whistleblower: Google Wants To Overthrow US Via Election Tampering
A Local Abduction
Maybe I’m just cynical and jaded, but do most people actually believe that these two aren’t in the elite class and that this totally isn’t all for PR?
This was posted 15 days ago. Epstein died less than a week ago. On top of that, I’ve tried uploading this screenshot multiple times but mods keep deleting it with no explanation.
Did Jeffrey Epstein 'have portrait of Bill Clinton in blue dress and red heels in his NYC mansion?'
Did Jeffrey Epstein 'have portrait of Bill Clinton in blue dress and red heels in his NYC mansion?'
VIDEO: Police, Bomb Squad, FBI, Snipers Surround Google Whistleblower; Google Turns Bomb Robots, Police Dogs &amp; Guns on Defiant Insider
N-words and other slurs.
Epstein’s Black Book
Epstein Had Portrait of Bill Clinton Wearing Monica Lewinsky's Blue Dress in Oval Office Inside His Manhattan Mansion
Why is there secret tunnels under the Playboy mansion🤔🤔
Did Jeffrey Epstein 'have portrait of Bill Clinton in blue dress and red heels in his NYC mansion?'
GOOGLE INTERNAL DOCS: Censorship of search results about Las Vegas shooter Link in comments
Nature Magazine / University of California Merced go full on Salem and call for witch hunt against "Climate Change Contrarians". Names and "shames" contrarian Scientists, Journalists, Politicians.
From “Imperium”, I looked into this cuz I’m from NJ. Margaret Kelly Michaels, convicted of over 100 counts of sexual offenses involving children. (to put mildly) (she worked at a day care) She was later exonerated after spending 5 years in prison and here she is on Oprah months later.
James O’Keefe’s Google ‘Whistleblower’ Loves QAnon, Accused ‘Zionists’ of Running the Government
Epstein had a cell mate that posted bail? Who is it?
Epstein was not just a sick pedophile; he was completely insane.
Is there a global secret society turning symbols of good into symbols of evil? Isis, the swastika, and the pentagram are some examples. If so, why?
Epstein Had Painting Which Appears to Be Bill Clinton in a Dress and Wearing Red Heels
Ex-Israeli Soldier Reveals NYPD has an office in Tel Aviv -- and the United States is "Next in line" after Palestine
Are you guys still seeing the Epstien case on national television?
The presidential candidate that has been fighting against Clintons/Epstein for years
The whole goal of the elites, Democrats, Republicans, the Senate, the House, people of considerable power and influence, the CIA, 3 letter agencies is to Divide us on every arbitrary issue that doesn’t matter to keep us from noticing the one that does: Wealth
Facebook said it wasn’t listening to your conversations... it was.
Remember When It Was Reported that The Gay-Frog Pesticide Atrazine, (which is Banned in Europe) is Found Exceeding Healthy Levels in Tap Water In Texas, Ohio, Kansas. Kentucky Missouri, and Other States?
Painting or picture?
Would China do it.
VIDEO: joe biden calls nazls "fine people"
James O’Keefe’s Google ‘Whistleblower’ Loves QAnon, Accused ‘Zionists’ of Running the Government
Here it comes - psy ops happening right now in Australia to test rounding us up
Prince Andrew Retiring From Public Life
https://mobile.twitter.com/braintaylorbbc/status/1161313756401537026
Epstein had painting of Bill Clinton in a dress in his Manhattan mansion!
Ramsey Orta, the man who filmed Eric Garners murder, is still in prison. Meanwhile AG Barr dropped all charges against Daniel Pantaleo, who has been collecting $120k/yr at desk job.
"Epstein" Buried At Sea
How Do You Get On Voat? Been Trying For Months
Predictions for 2020?
Why vampires loves definitions
North Korean Snap- Real or Fake? I don't know how to investigate it, the Instagram seems to be trolly
I think my small town is covering something up.
Google Whistleblower Goes Public, Turns In Laptop And Almost 1000 Pages Of Internal Docs To DOJ
New Product to Make Sure Companies Can't Use Your Phone Mics or Cameras
Censorship, Fake News, Partisanship, Politics, Fullscale Corruption and obstruction of Truth. Project Veritas Google document dump
Sarcastic Pizzagate video
Chabbad Rabbi Says The New Testament of The Bible is Anti-Semitic, Demands 450 Passages be Removed.
Where does the former president fall in this?
Epstein's "Madam" Found: Ghislaine Maxwell Living With Tech CEO In Multimillion Oceanfront Mansion
New FOIA documents prove Fusion GPS Working Directly With Obama's DOJ to Frame Trump
My gf
Does anyone have information on Obama's ties with hillary Clinton?
"Google is not what it seems" - by Julian Assange
US Treasury futures predict a recession, 4 days after Epstein’s alleged suicide
White House proposal would have FCC and FTC police alleged social media censorship
Trump's administration knows where a predator- Ghislane Maxwell- is located. Still a free pass. #StillSwampy #AboveTheLaw #NoJustice #2TierJustice
What do you guys think about The Family on Netflix? Its about a cult who follow only what Jesus taught and the leader has been thanked by multiple presidents
Trump’s Kentucky Campaign Chair Pleads Guilty to Child Sex Trafficking. How many people tied to Trump have been busted for Child Pornography?
Epic! Rudy Giuliani FAILS to implicate Trump in EPSTEIN SCANDAL and receives a clapback
Michael tellinger on the Annunaki ancient civilisation .
Who believes Michael Jackson and Whitney Houston were murdered??
Is Anyone Else Here Getting Unsubscribed fro YT Channels You Were Sub'ed To? As Well as Lots of Conspiracy Channels Deleted?
With regards to the powers that be, have we considered that the ends might justify the means?
Paedophiles In Parliament (2018)
Thousands of slaves in Israel, global study finds
How does this sub generally feel about Last Podcast on the Left?
The White Slave in Israel
Chaos: Charles Manson, the CIA, and the Secret History of the Sixties
The "sleeping guards who forged their rounds" lie isn't holding up ... prisons small and large, and even Whole Foods, have electronic devices in place to make sure guards can't lie about making their rounds
Hong Kong protests: China sends military vehicles to border in footage
Jeffrey Epstein: First Accuser Sues Estate under New Child-Abuse Law | National Review
June 29, 1989
Remember Tartaglione was already suspected of trying to hurt Epstein 20 days ago.
Nasty Business Parts 1-3: The Monster (Epstein), Mari (Ghislaine) and the Biggest Conspiracy in a Generation
Gun Control Conspiracy
A breakdown of the first 300 minutes ages of the Epstein files. Spoiler alert: Prince Andrew
Criticizing Israel shouldn't be confused with anti-Semitism, Sanders tells Jewish supporter
The FBI and NYPD RAID Jeffrey Epstein‘s island!
Epstein was still alive while he was on the gurney.
When Google openly admitted thier intent to manipulate the masses. The Selfish Ledger.
Texas man accused of murder flees to Canada. Possible connection with the case of the teens accused of murder. Patsies?
Entire island wired for video
Why is it so hard to find information that isn't just surface level now.
In mock trial, Alan Dershowitz to defend Bible figures from child trafficking charge
"Do I look fat in this surveillance camera-tricking dress?"
"I am combing through all of the Epstein Files. First 300 Pages Breakdown. Sick and disturbing shit."
Courtney Love's ex Dana Giachetto - Epstein and Hollywood
Prison guards watching Jeffrey Epstein reportedly fell asleep through checks and falsified records
Spread this breakdown on the Epstien files first 300 pages. Spoiler: Prince Andrew is a name you will read
Judge overseeing key Jeffrey Epstein-related suit dies
The Next Global Economic Crises - The Biggest One Ever.
The Economic Cycle exposed
Jeffery Epstein found hanging, cause of death is cardiac arrest.
Today's newly passed NY state child victims act has the catholic church and Epstein's co-conspirators shaking in their boots
Nicholas Tartaglione: Cellmate of Jeffrey Epstein
Since We have some Normies looking here. I give you Mossad Agent Eli Cohen. He did EXACTLY what Epstain did. Good luck on googling anything negative about him.
Since we have some normies looking here now. I give you Mossad's tactics. Use sex to blackmail. i.e. Epstain
Media and the term “conspiracy”
Why do people so blindly believe why they are told? Why don’t they question it? Just look at what phones are capable of, is it really so ridiculous to think 5g might have a negative effect on us?
Epstein's "Madam" Found: Ghislaine Maxwell Living With Tech CEO In Multimillion Oceanfront Mansion
White Genocide:: World's largest information dealer Deagel predicts MASSIVE depopulation of Western countries by 2025, over 50% of the population dead
Well I thought John Le Bon had disappeared but apparently he has gone to Vietnam, The History Hoax is still alive
I believe in conspiracies, but not conspiracies.
A take on recent ICE attacks
CNN cuts live feed on interview with active duty soldier (2012)
Relevant scene from Godfather II depicting the Mafia blackmailing a senator with a dead prostitute.
Can we just keep this video alive please.
Israel comes up often in Jeffrey Epstein case, here are some details as to why.
[Epstein] I found something via Google Earth on Epstein's Island that looks like something I hope it is not. What is this?
Any thoughts on why chase would act like a good Samaritan in Canada?
Marree Man Someone Made The World's Largest Geoglyph In South Australia
USAF XQ-58 "Valkyrie": possible reason for UFO speculation
We need to get people interested in Epstein mention it at work to friends and family just keep it in focus.
China is moving Armored Personnel Carriers (APCs) into a stadium preparing for a military response to the protests. Most APC's do not have weapons mounted but there's no guarantee that they won't use them to run over protestors the way they are in Venezuela right now. Tienanmen 2019 moves forward.
Megathreads have been imposed on us countless times when we didn't even want them...why aren't we getting one with this Epstein fiasco, when we are actively requesting one?
The well done video showing the details of Mr. Biden called "Creepy Uncle Joe" by some random YouTube has been deleted and replaced with really shitty low view count videos.
1997 - 2006 Lolita Express Flight Logs - Searchable Database
Remember that time the Italians broke the speed of light.
Hear me out
Did Suicided DJ Avicii know about the elite human trafficking and pedophile rings?
Confessions from a gangstalker
High level Scientist/ Managing director of Thiel Capital Eric Weinstein thinks Epstein is an Isreali Intelligance Asset
Senators *of both parties* concerned Epstein conspiracy theories abetting Russian plans
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children says roughly 800,000 (yes that's eight hundred THOUSAND) children are reported missing each year in the United States. About 2k a day. But they say only 115 are 'stranger abductions'...sure
The Jeffrey Epstein situation has shown that the left wing may not be the good guys after all.
The Media: "Oh look what you made me do"
Battle Of Portland ft. Rufio Panman-Based Stickman-Purple Shirt Guy-Antifa #Knockouts
Mega Group, Maxwells and Mossad: The Spy Story at the Heart of the Jeffrey Epstein Scandal
ET Disclosure/Epstein Updates/Deep State
Thought this was funny.
Well your here for Epstein let us Red Pill you on Inflation and the Federal Reserve too!
Leak from within google proving they have been acting as “thought police”
Epstein’s death posted to 4chan before officially being announced on the news:
Enquirer whistle-blower found dead with cracked skull
Is everything just one big joke?
Does Anyone Have A Complete List Of Epstein's Well Known Ties?
Want to connect the Epstein dots?
Maxwell FOUND...boyfriend member of CFR
Kids in Containers – Diplomatic Art (Child?) Exchange Program Started by Gibson Islander and Former US Ambassador to Norway Lester Corrin Strong
Something fishy going on here
2020: the need to extend the Kyoto Protocol
How to spot those that are satanists on this sub.
CNN cutting their own feed when Hillary Clinton is called a liar and Wikileaks is mentioned
ET Disclosure/Q Anon/Deep State Whistleblowers
Federal Judge Who Oversaw Release Of Jeffrey Epstein’s Sealed Records Was Found Dead. Died at his home in Ketchum, Idaho, while on vacation. #ClintonBodyCount #48?
Alleged Credible Media Source Calls PEPE: “Right wing troll meme” after an apparent post on 4chan 40 minutes before Epstein’s death was announced revealed him to be dead
GOOGLE INTERNAL DOC: Censorship of search results about Las Vegas shooter
A summary of why the Epstein case will change nothing
The real Jeffery Epstein
[Question] If MKUltra was mainly professional Hypnosis, How do I know i'm not in a trance?
Ghislaine has been living in the fucking US??
A collection of solid evidence of Facebook election manipulation
Running list of names
The only mildly interesting thing about that Chris Cuomo video.
Attorney General William Barr's father writes creepy pedo space opera before hiring inexperience Jeffrey Epstein at a school.
Great Wall of China Built By Black Men (EXPLAINED)
Jefferey Epstein Conducted Sexpionage.
Guards Were Sleeping During Epstein's Alleged Suicide, Then Falsified Records To Cover It Up
What really happened. They had to get the best bounty hunter in the business to pull it off.
Epstein is a distraction. He has no effect on you
Breaking Project Veritas: Big document release, intimidation, and censorship! Must read inside!
Hmm
The Daily Mail found Ghislaine Maxwell- She’s in Massachusetts
The FBI labels Conspiracy theorist terrorists, then the "biggest" Conspiracy to ever happen is circling the news. Part of their plan?
Epstein and Trump
Ghislaine Maxwell is currently staying at a beach town, just outside Boston, according to the Daily Mail
F-15 misile strike on North World Trade Center video clip.
This 4chan post says epstein is alive, is actually a good guy, and is helping to bring the deep state to justice.
The truth hurts
Epstein’s girlfriend missing
BREAKING PROJECT VERITAS: Google "Machine Learning Fairness" Whistleblower Goes Public, says: "burden lifted off of my soul"
What happened to all of the people from last week who were scared shitless that the government was going to take their guns? Oh that's right - it was just fear mongreing bullshit, like usual. Onto the next sensationalized nonsense!
Where do you send conspiracy friends who say: I've been telling you about Epstein for 10 years! It's ALL the Illuminati, like EVERYONE knows that. The Jews, Illuminati, Rothschilds, they run it all! What's a youtube link to send him? Like hey I'm on top of it all, have you seen this one?
No Miles Mathis Updates in 6 weeks?
I love how MSM is forced to write these types of articles trying to explain away all the people who don't buy the narrative.
Great post on r/joerogan combing through the Epstein Files
Jake Paul telling young kids not to go to Hollywood because they’ll have to sell their souls.
they want the media to have conspiracies. conspiracy saturation.
About all of these 'newcomers' asking for information
Google's Blacklist Shows Websites Deplatformed from Search Results Exposed by Today's Whistleblower. Infowars, Christians, Conservatives, Torrents, and Mediamatters all Blacklisted
Colonel Paul James Tate
An example of an industry plant
Facebook has been collecting audio from some voice chats on Messenger and paying contractors to listen to and transcribe it
Wonder if they found the video of Prince Andrew in New York or on the Island.
Does anyone have any theories on where the planes and the people inside them on September 11th?
clinton foundation links with people recorded on flight logs to epstein's island
Is Russiagate real or a Hoax created by the pro-war imperialist establishment?
Suicided: The Final Days of Jeffrey Epstein (Corbett Report)
Worth the read
Jeffry Epstein built a Freemasonry Royal Arch in his 'temple'?
A great video on the debate whether Thermite/Thermate could have been used to bring the Twin Towers down on 9/11
The indoctrination runs deep. Even in video games that children play. Absolutely disgusting.
Courtney Love Warning Actresses of Harvey Weinstein in 2005
Mega Group, Maxwells and Mossad: The Spy Story at the Heart of the Jeffrey Epstein Scandal
I got pressured into thinking I was crazy when I did a deep dive on the whole pizzagate conspiracy. Starting to think that was an successful coverup.
Non Mainstream Epstein content is getting hard to find
/r/Videos/ mods remove comment with pedophile ring news articles that gets 2x platinum, 2x gold, and 2x silver, after being up for only 29 minutes.
With the current Epstein situation, is it worth reviewing flatbread-and-cheese-gate?
Has there been proof that Epstein is dead?
Despite the immunity granted to Ghislaine Maxwell from charges relating to Epstein she can possibly be charged with perjury
"She [Maxwell] got her helicopter’s license so she could transport anyone she liked without pilots knowing who they were"
Socialism Always Fails, Yet Never Dies
Suicided: the final days of Jeffrey Epstein
I devoutly wish we could convince psychologists to study, to learn about, and to understand the pursuit of Power as a psychological problem.
[2002] NYMAG article about Epstein, Clinton, and Kevin Spacey
US nuclear stockpile will be managed by a $600 million supercomputer
Google “Machine Learning Fairness” Whistleblower Goes Public, says: “burden lifted off of my soul.” Video Interview Enclosed
I have a question, why is it there a rule called "No Racism and No anti-semitism"
US media continues to downplay suspicions about Jeffrey Epstein’s death
New York Times pushing the Epstein very hard and new found ads.
Just spreading the information. X-posted. I haven’t went through the files myself to verify everything said.
"A peaceful, easy life hasn’t made us happy. Perhaps it’s time to give war a chance"
Who Protected Epstein for Decades, and Why?
Russian nuclear body says deadly blast was caused by nuclear power project, not powerful new missile
When reddit suddenly love conspiracy theories
2002 NYMAG article about Epstien, Bill Clinton, and Kevin Spacey
U.S. Attempting to End Regulation of Methane Leaks at Fracking Sites
Does anyone else find it interesting...
Any idea what this poll is about? An account with a verified password is spamming it everywhere, the poll is in Arabic and Google translated to "For the better your voice"
🤔🤔
“Nothing to see here” Irresponsible reporting from CBS.
Jeffrey Epstein’s Guards Reportedly Fell Asleep And Didn’t Check On Him For 3 Hours
It's Time we take the Initiative to PROTECT Children
Exclusive: Google Insider Turns Over 950 Pages Of Docs And Laptop To DOJ
Probably not the right sub for this, but all of the comments under said this hasn’t happened in their store. Can anyone confirm/deny that these two photos aren’t related?
Already forgeting aren't we?
Chris Cuomo “Fredo” vid
Abolish ICE explained
Help
Jeffry Epstein built a Freemasonry Royal Arch in his 'temple'?
Artists trying to expose pedophiles
With Oil, Water and Iran as Targets, US on Brink of Recognizing Israeli Sovereignty Over Golan Heights
I was into the what did Tom Hanks have done to Kappy Conspiracy.. Thank a user named u/SuicideSolution_ showed me how easy it is to be swayed by out of context posts.. It looks bad out of context, but read through his posts and realize he posts stuff (gloves especially) on the road all the time.
Is there an agenda against white men in America?
Zodiakos (Zodiac Sagittarius): The Circle of Holy Animals 8/11
Tom Hanks posting a Roadkill Comment about two months before Kappy died (who accused Hanks) on the same highway Kappy died. Twitter sure thinks hanks was involved and is a Pedo.
FOX News Reports El Paso Shooting Before it Happens.
Found this on a sidewalk
PSA: Child Victim Act (CVA) of NY is now in effect! The statute of limitations for sexual abuse is significantly extended for the duration of 1 year.
Conspiracy theories are dangerous—here’s how to crush them
Do we actually living our own life?
NSA
PSA: Child Victim Act (CVA) of NY is now in effect! The statute of limitations for sexual abuse is significantly extended for the duration of 1 year.
Conspiracies about Hitler's death.What do you guys think?
[META] I dont like the word conspiracy but what do you think about the hong kong protests? Who profits from war? I have a new co host. We will be talking about daily events from now on.
Did the Simpson's ever bring up something like Epstein in any of their episodes?
Manuals For Survivng Inhumane Experimentation While Investigating Conspiracies?
Jeffrey Epstein's computers seized during island raid. FBI spots drone during search then proceed to cover windows with boxes.
Utopia TV Show: thoughts?
Seth Rich’s Ghost Haunts The Courts.
NYPD Officers were with the FBI Raid. Can anyone confirm if the NYPD officers that keep suiciding have any connection to Epstein’s case?
Check out the latest Twitter trending.
For people coming to this sub via Epstein - Look into World Trade Center 7
[META] The submission statement rule
Had Bernie Sanders won Epstein would still be alive and both Clinton and Trump would be implicated
Pretty sure this sub has CIA/FBI users
Epstein killed himself because it was the only way to bring down/punish the powerful "friends" who didn't interfere in his case
Manuals For Surviving Inhumane Experimentation?
We wouldn’t know.
Hagbard Celine's case for Donald Trump
TIL : An American Airlines employee saw a plane matching flight 11 still at the departure gate after it was supposed to have taken off and supposedly hijacked. It was empty . http://letsrollforums.com/fog-fiction-and-flight-t28270.html
so im the only one who wonders?
We need to talk about the depop agenda, hospital kill rooms, &amp; leo's and nurses as modern day executioner's
Where is Ghislaine Maxwell?
Jeffrey Epstein’s Guards Reportedly Fell Asleep And Didn’t Check On Him For 3 Hours. Finally the truth we’ve all been waiting for. No conspiracy,just sleepy guards. I feel so stupid for thinking a high profile pedo,who was going to bring down countless other bigwigs,would be murdered.
Epstein's history
Epstein's dead profile doesn't match his live one.
[SERIOUS] What scandals and corrupt politicians are tied to the Clintons?
Image from inside Epsteins "Temple"... Could this be the entrance to an underground stairway?
I am going through all of the Epstein files and highlighting the important information. Here are my findings on the first 300 pages I went through today.
Peoples eyes are wide open now. What the public does with it is in their own hands. This is a soft disclosure working well. Everyone wants answers and justice for this. Whatever happened, things are about to get hot quick.
Facebook Might Be Using Outside Contractors To Transcribe User Audios
German security analysts take on the recently uncensored Epstein Black Book.
What if Edward Snowden is just a cover to give people a false sense of privacy and recommends to use tools used by three letters agencies?
What if ghosts are just people in an alternate dimension coming across one another?
aliens are in contact with humans to reproduce?
How true sex trafficking works in many cases like Epstein.
These trucks are suspicicoliously entering Hong Kong and images/videos are being taken down. Share where you can
Nothing going on here...
Will this mess unfold like the Panama Papers, with everyone slowly forgetting about it? Will there be actual investigation or something?
As days go by I am seeing more military air craft by the day..
i found this on the Death Addict Forums
True sickness- Jeffrey Epstein says children he raped did not seem underage, equates his crimes to Robert Kraft; Epstein had no remorse for what he did in his final days.
Forgetting Something?! It's not even close to front page. Post like your (or your child/loved ones) life depends on it... It might someday.
The man assigned to watch over Jeffrey Epstein autopsy is none other than 85 year old pathologist Michael Baden who watched over Martin Luther king and John F Kennedy autopsy. You cannot make up a crazier story if you tried.
Video of survivor first hand account of child trafficking, sexual slavery, &amp; secret space program
Where is Las Vegas "Massacre" "shooter's brother" "Eric Paddock", and why haven't we heard from him since the "shooting"?
Theory: Greta Thunberg to be murdered
Chinese Military crossing Shenzen border into Hong Kong
Are drones easy to spot? As in, can you see the little red feed light even if its a stealth drone?
Black murder rate. Is it just a coincidence?
Just a friendly reminder
Conspiracy theory finality on Jeffrey Epstein
Since Epstein's death have you noticed your country has had super strange stuff happen that has dominated the news? Yesterday, Sydney had a man with a knife running down the street and he stabbed someone. London yesterday a 16 year old chased and killed with a machete.
Is it just me or is it weird William Barr is investigating Epstein, when his father Donald Barr mentored Epstein, and wrote a book about a diplomat captured by interplanetary pirates, becomes s sex slave to Lady Morgan Sidney and finds the secret that may bring about the end of man in the galaxy.
Actual schizo here AMA..
Study shows conspiracy theorists are more sane(intelligent) than 'normies'
Study shows conspiracy theorist are more sane(intelligent) than 'normies'
Just another stupid viral twitter thread essentially advocating for the wipe-out of straight, white males
Epstein Pathologist Micheal Baden talks working on 9-11 and other terrorist attacks in other countries
The Epstein deal is the new 9/11. As awful as this seems, it is the spoon-fed, palatable version of what is really going on.
Child Versus Organ Trafficking
Battle Of Portland ft. Rufio Panman-Based Stickman-Purple Shirt Guy-Antifa #Knockouts
News article now claiming two guards looking after Epstein were asleep for 3 hours on the job
Bcnex - The Ultimate Blockchain Trading Platform
Where in the world is Ghislaine Maxwell?
Interesting piece about a temporary guard on duty.
Some things aren't adding up about the Epstein cabal, money, and blackmail narrative. Anyone with explanations please reply?
I may have contributed to Epstein's death
The alt right embraces Covington the #MAGAFighter
Epstein, Musk, and Baltimore: Projects — The Boring Company
Push suicide narrative as soon as he gets arrested, keep pushing it while he fakes the first 'suicide' attempt, making the necessary arrangements for him to disappear in 'hugely' public way with the camera's rolling. Sounds like something the CIA would orchestrate for their child rapist/pedo asset.
[Mandela effect?]Soooo theres no ice cap at the north pole?
This is CONPLAN 8888, a document created by junior DOD officers detail the governments response to a zombie apocalypse
The two prison guards (one of them was fake) assigned to watch Epstein “fell asleep”at the same time and didn’t check on him for hours! Then they falsified the records. Bullshit. More like they were paid off/threatened not to check on Jeffrey. Let’s see the security footage of them sleeping!
I’m sure this guy knows some shiiiit
So do you guys(new users) believe in PedoGate/PizzaGate now?
Thoughts on Happiness
[Image] For anyone wondering why...
Elon Musk’s ‘pedo guy’ defamation case is going to trial
Anyone else getting annoyed by the normies flooding this place because of the Epstein conspiracy?
CPAC 2015 - Donald Trump brings up Jeffrey Epstein's island
Let’s discuss this again, what really is Epstein’s island?
It’s time
When the New York first reported on Jeffery Epstein's death they used the phrase "apparent suicide" then every news organization took took that phrase and ran with it.
Why hasn't the man who called Cuomo "Fredo" been identified?
3-part summary of Epsteins case
Does anyone care about what rap is doing to our kids?
'They Live (1988)' is right
Epstein: No dead man switch?
I dont know if this is true but
David Rockefeller talks about being close with Vatican elite in his memoirs
Nuclear Hoax - Nukes Do Not Exist
Jeff Bezos took a ride to Pedo Island
Epstein failed and that's why he killed himself or was killed.
US media continues to downplay suspicions about Jeffrey Epstein’s death -- World Socialist Web Site
Executive branch is protecting the deep state because the deep state is essentially our government. Compromising the deep state would essentially compromise our government.
Bombshell: Epstein Killed by Unnamed 2nd Cellmate
Michael Baden has investigated JFK, MLK and now Epstein, along with testifying at the OJ Simpson trial. Never trust him.
Drone captures FBI Raid on Jeffrey Epstein's Little St. James Island.
Anyone remember that guy posting about a weird hotel room he accidentally got booked into a few years ago?
Inner City Press thrown out of UN last month for questioning legitimacy of Ghislaine Maxwell's nonprofit TerraMar.
What are the chances that a reptilian race really does exists?
Epstein: Dead vs Alive Comparison?
What are principles no one could make you break?
A reminder that Julian Assange called 9/11 a fake conspiracy
Nipsey Hussle conspiracy theories spread
Reagan advisor: CIA behind Hong Kong protests (full show)
Possible early finding of the Pedophile Rings
Remember when BBC Reported on Building 7 before it collapsed?
Conspiracy Mega List
2015 Epstein/Clinton Article from Observer.com
Does anyone know Epstein is related to the panama papers? I’m a little uneducated on them
NYPD suicides continue, as we learn the department is involved with Epstein case. Perhaps a possible connection?
Shrieking heard from Epstein’s cell the morning of his death! If this is real, was he murdered?
What I hate about this sub.
Jeffrey Epstein Death: 2 Guards Slept Through Checks and Falsified Records
This post isnt about any consparicy,but what's in your bug out bag?need to update mine.
I have an awfully bad feeling about Nueralink. I don’t think it’s gonna be good. Kinda paranoid.
About public reaction to Epstein case
Colbert mocks Epstein conspiracy theories. Relates them to "tin foil hat" wearing "lizard people" believers.
First Pre-Crime arrest.
Can I get some Michael Brown conspiracies up in here?
Chris Cuomo has "Roid Rage"
A timely attempt to minimize sexual exploitation and trafficking
Another strange artifact found at Epstein’s Zorro Ranch, looks like a coat of arms, any ideas?
Two prison guards in charge of monitoring Jeffrey Epstein on the morning that he committed suicide reportedly "fell asleep," did not check on him for hours, and then falsified prison records to hide their actions.
repeat posts/clutter posts
Epstein’s head warden transferred to unknown jail and replaced with the Otisville warden. Otisville currently holds Michael Cohen.
Joe Rogan taken to Naomi Campbell's eyes wide shut bday
What in the heck are these things? Found at Epstein’s Zorro Ranch
Remember the handful of NYPD cops who committed “suicide” in June?
Inventions That Failed or Were Suppressed By The Powers
The Smith-Mundt Modernization Act of 2012 and the Ugly Truth Discussion
repeat posts/clutter posts
Monsanto Paid Google To Censor Results; Operated Fusion Center To Discredit Journalists And Activists -
Trump vs Clinton + Epstein Google search results comparison
Naomi Campbell island
Weird shit going on
Any chance this Epstein thing could turn into a homicide investigation? Or is the federal and NY state government just one big good ol' boys network?
It would put a few theories to rest
This makes Sense now - Chris Cornell Was About To Expose Elite Pedophile Ring Before He Died
Mark Epstein and the Humpty Dumpty Institute (I'm cross-posting something that I'm diving into. I'll link the post in the comments as well). Has anyone heard of this before?
Now that the google start page is stupid, which start page should I use? (Before you say DuckDuckGo, know that I'm looking for a fully functional alternative.)
So anyone thinking about the next solar storm to hit earth? It’s highly likely it will hit us in our lifetime. The solar storm of 1859, took out all the electronics on earth. Oh and the solar storm of 2012 missed us by nine days.
Epstein was a 'power play' just in my view
Let Me Be Frank. Kevin Spacey's odd video feels like it could relate to Jeffrey Epstein and friends.
Watch "Naomi Campbell's Birthday Party(Bombshell Jeffrey Epstein Information)" on YouTube
Looked at the Lifeboat donor list and found some interesting things..
Bullet exited out of back of JFKs head despite LHO being behind JFK at the time of the shooting.
Very recent on the ground footage of Epstein’s Zorro Ranch, via TruNews
Wouldn't the MCC where Epstein died have a Sally port where emergency pick ups of prisoners take place?...
Still think Antifa is harmless? Found this on twitter.
Another Epstein post, another theory regarding his death
Google Whistle Blower provides laptop and 950 pages to DOJ in regard to Google meddling in 2020 election
Flood Gets Worse: Parasite Ahmed Hussen Makes It A Joke To Become A Canadian Citizen!
Right on time, every news org is discrediting every one who disagrees with ‘suicide’. Search Epstein death, and all you get is “conspiracy theories take over”.
Reddit suppressing r/HongKong in search results
Reddit suppressing r/HongKong in search results
Is Imran Khan's name also listed in Epstein's Black Book?
Tom Hanks and Kappy: Twitter sure thinks Hanks had him killed and was a Pedo.. read the comments !
Google Liberal Bias not just in America, but all around the world.
Suppression of Cures
Epsteins Mansion: Article Examining/Showing what was found in Police Raid on Florida Mansion
What is reality? Where are we?
These trucks are suspicicoliously entering Hong Kong and images/videos are being taken down. Share where you can
4chan new about Epsteins death an hour before it was being reported
Doing a search on "Michael Moore Speech" with Google and Duckduckgo sure turns up different results.
Excellent "Conspiracy" Introduction video: All Wars Are Bankers Wars
MIND CONTROL AGENDA: NFL Taps Jay-Z for Social-Justice Issues—and Entertainment Offerings
What They Did to America is Unforgivable... (2019)
Anyone remember the leaked video of small children in some bath house location, it was posted by some 🍕 gate guy?
Russia Orders Evacuation of Village Near Site of Nuclear Explosion
Larry Nassar and Epstien?
Backyard Hole
“Conspiracy Theorist” is no longer an insult. YouTuber -Viva Frei- has words for those who still don’t believe.
Clinton Body Count Is Conspiracy Fact...
Peoples eyes are wide open now. What the public does with it is in their own hands. This is a soft disclosure working well. Everyone wants answers and justice for this. Whatever happened, things are about to get hot quick.
An Interesting trend I've seen being pushed after Twitter headlines didn't go a certain way.
Does this “temple” looking structure on Epstein’s island look out of place or is it just me. Maybe they did their “sex cult” things there?
Trumpet sounds in Hawaii 2015
Something big is happening...
Question Every Thing.
I find it so mindblowing how you can't find footage of audio of Jeffrey Epstein talking
Was Epstein’s body Hillary’s dead brother? MCC did not issue orange prison jumpsuits!!!!! (what the body was photographed wearing, as reported by Tracy Beanz) An absolute bombshell!
The recent explosions in NW Russia are not what we’ve been told.
Jody Arias...
"Where will the tv go when the wind stops blowing" -45
Epstein wasn't suicide or murder. Here is why. Please tell me how the guilty pedo members of TPTB could protect themselves from my argument.
How do you know if it's fake news?
The second part of my video series detailing my interactions with satan and his army of handlers is up.
Powers
Hmmm good job Snopes
In September 2002, Clinton and Epstein went on a tour of five African countries along with Kevin Spacey
Was Epstein’s body HILLARY’S DEAD BROTHER? MCC DOES NOT ISSUE ORANGE PRISON JUMPSUITS!!!!!! (what the body was photographed wearing) as reported by Tracy Beanz! AN ABSOLUTE BOMBSHELL
I think I know in essence who killed Jeffery Epstein, hear me out
The man assigned to watch over Jeffrey Epstein autopsy is none other than 85 year old pathologist Michael Baden who watched over Martin Luther king and John F Kennedy autopsy. You cannot make up a crazier story if you tried.
Was this mermaid story from 2016 fake?
TED GUNDERSON F.B.I agent and whistle blower of the child sex slave and government trafficking..he went around and gave lectures around the world,one of the first to expose this all before it was big news in the early to mid 90's,after exposing it all he was latter knocked off by uncle sam
Please don’t vote just help
EX-NYPD says he knows how Epstein got killed.
4chan post on Jeffrey Epstein's death made before news broke didn't come from FDNY
Is anyone aware of the US government currently trying to clamp down even more on the internet? Where could I find out? I keep getting emails about it this week.
Illuminati Card Game Predicted Leaked Reagan Phone Call?
4chan post on Jeffrey Epstein's death made before news broke didn't come from FDNY
An Interesting trend I've seen being pushed after Twitter headlines didn't go a certain way.
Sheri REDSTONE aka ROTHSTEIN is being Put Over by MSM DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE
The whole pedophile ring involving Epstein could be located easily.
New Age Spirituality, Project Blue Beam, and Qanon (Updated)
Barr was placed in charge of investigating Epstien. Barr's father, Donald, former OSS agent (precursor to CIA) published a book (allegedly) involving the sex trafficking of teenagers, excessive sexualization of children, in the 1970s. Odd coincidence.
What if we raid Area 51 to find weapons of technology we can’t believe! For instance, a laser so powerful it ruptures spacetime and creates a gash in space and time and it sucks you the fuck away, sending you to a place you didn’t even know was there- while also killing you.
Epstein isnt dead and heres why
The other night I asked my 86 year old grandma if she believes Epstein killed himself.....
Family and theories etc
Senators are showing concern Epstein conspiracy theories may be exploited by Russian interests
Epstein Dead Body Actually HRC's Brother?
Do you all think more names will come out or after the “suicide”. Or has the lead pretty much gone cold? Been lingering on here for a while. Eyes have been open more so as of late.
Where are the good people?
The man assigned to watch over Jeffrey Epstein autopsy is none other than 85 year old pathologist Michael Baden who watched over Martin Luther king and John F Kennedy autopsy. You cannot make up a crazier story if you tried.
Epstein had horrendous market performance. But all the richest lined up for his "services"...
Don Lemon and Chris Cuomo both humiliated publicly within 24 hours of each other...is CNN preparing to clean house?
The corporate mass media propaganda never spends too much time about how Epstein was let off the hook so easily and who made it to happen. Evidently minor children being abused for sex don't matter. They say 'he was part of intelligence forget about it'. Who in intelligence allows this to happen?
Hillary &amp; Pizza?
Epstein's death may well be a victory for silence as it threatens to deny accusers justice
Epstein’s suicide is conspiracy-ception
"The Distortion Is Grotesque" - Google Insider Turns Over 950 Pages Documenting Bias To DoJ
Don't forget Mueller's xFxBxIx gave Epstein the plea deal
The Uprising
It's impossible for these polls to be legitimate when they still have Tulsi Gabbard polling at 1%
There's suddenly a lot of contrarians on this sub and other conspiracy forums/message boards
This is why someone like Sanders would never be allowed to become president, in 2000 he blasted Clinton...
Sleeping Giant
Was Epstein switched out the first time he was taken to the hospital after his first “suicide attempt?”
Michael Flynn and George Papadopoulos Are Scheduled to Speak at a Conference Organized by a QAnon Supporter
Dance moms mkultra project monarch?
Can we all stop pretending to believe the biggest hoax of them all?
2020 Election Sleeper Agent?
UFC fighter Valentina Shevchenko threatens male fighter Henry Cejudo w/ a gun on Twitter
What is with all the recent talk of Antarctica? I never knew it was considered to be so mysterious and was curious to hear a realistic explanation of the controversy.
Rich’s Ghost Haunts the Courts: It is verboten to utter his name, but a lawsuit and possible declassification of NSA documents could get to the bottom of the Seth Rich controversy.
As we all rightfully demand justice in the Epstein case let's not forget that the Catholic church and it's Jesuit order likely showed all these elites the tradecraft of human trafficking and it's use in blackmail.
Best VPN options?
New York Times Op-Ed admits some conspiracies are real, bashes conspiracy theorists, and tells you which conspiracies to believe, the ones approved by the NYTimes.
33 days ago. 🤫
Thoughts on Virginia Roberts statements about Trump? (from recent court case - link in comments)
Stop wasting your time looking at Trump-Epstein connections.
Colbert mocks Epstein conspiracy theories. Relates them to "tin foil hat" wearing "lizard people" believers.
Does anyone have a comprehensive timeline of the conspiracies that we had about Epstein as far as when they were discussed and when they were proven true?
Seen the whole "AG Barr's dad hired Epstein at Dalton" topic being thrown around A LOT on here lately. Not true based on dates published by the Daltonian school news paper.
Apparently one of the 2 people guarding Epstein on the night of his suicide, "wasn't even a corrections officers."
The government destroyed all of Bob Lazar’s credentials after he exposed the truth of Area 51
Reasons why TPTB are letting the Epstein story gain so much traction?
this fits here better tbh
"Their business was prostitution, drug running, traffic in humans." - Interesting 4chan thread about the 2002 biography of Epstein's child procuror's Mossad agent father: "Robert Maxwell, Israel's Superspy" by Gordon Thomas (including a link to the full text)
Bill Gates is evil
"Trump is a white supremacist" is manufactured nonsense created by the left
What's in the files? Highlights set to Betty Boop &amp; Oomph!
An Invitation You Can’t Refuse: USA House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer Makes Sure that the American Israeli Political Action Committee’s Israel Junket Is Well Attended by virtually all newly elected members of Congress. Some would call it blackmail or subversion, others would call it simply illegal.
Hmmmmmm i wonder?
Share your famous conspiracy theories..
Why are Americans terrified of everything?
Trump is Cleared in Epstein Case!
I know it’s long but... oh well
Wikipedia is considering deleting the pages on Epstein’s death and the related conspiracies theories.
The second part of my video series detailing my interactions with satan and his handlers/worshippers is up.
Reoccurring theme of Moloch
I know who killed Jeffrey Epstein
‘Lolita Express’ Flight Logs
Part 3 of the Monster/Mari Blind
Filming while seconds from death..
Female UFC fighter threatens to shoot male fighter; pulls a gun on Twitter
If the Scalia story came out today...
Concerns about Purism and their privacy-focused "Librem" suite
How they could have kill Epstein with heart attack symptoms, the tool is public knowledge
Harvard's Solar Geoengineering Research Program - AKA ChemTrails (Has anyone mentioned this? The usage of ChemTrails in the name of stopping Global Warming). It's now public.
IMPORTANT Epstein Info Leaked To 4chan, Conspiracy Theories Run Rampant. "I Think They Switched Him OUT"
The background is a nice touch
Just a thought, why did this never get brought up again? In the chynna deese lucas Fowler Canadian subject
Concerns about Purism and their privacy-focused "Librem" suite
CBS news reports a "cover up" at the prison. Guards falsified reports that Epstein was monitored as required.
4chan Link from yesterday taken down
Confessions from a gangstalker
Pt. 1 - NEW CLUES - The Zodiac Killer - 'Any which way exit out ' 'Park Ranger'
Senate Dems deliver stunning warning to Supreme Court: ‘Heal’ or face restructuring.
Things that make you go hmmmmmmm ? 🤔
Just found this sub after the “death” of epstein. Please read.
What if (aliens) are god.
Harvard's Solar Geoengineering Research Program - AKA ChemTrails (Has anyone mentioned this? The usage of ChemTrails in the name of stopping Global Warming). It's now public.
Does the Epstein story make you question the official 9/11 and bin Laden death stories more, less, or the same?
Invading the U.S for democracy, because they have nuclear weapon, and bc they were responsible for 9/11 - would actually be true reasons.
'But Sir, It’s an American Ship.' 'Never Mind, Hit Her!' When Israel Attacked USS Liberty
So I guess we were all wrong? Nothing to see here, Epstein was a lone wolf!
TIL- The Guy Fawkes mask used by a number of activist groups (including anti-capitalist groups) is copyrighted and owned by Time Warner. Everytime a mask is purchased, Time Warner get paid.
Drone footage of FBI raid on Little St.James
Jeff Epstein got Jack Ruby'd
See this movie. What in your opinion is the probability that this was a made up conspiracy by this famous actress Michelle Vieth for compassion and more publicity? Does it make sense at all?
Epstein being linked to Henry Kissinger - George Webb
Jeffrey Epstein was a FINANCIAL ADVISOR for Tesla? Don’t tell me Elon Musk is one of them
Y’all know that feeling
Oldie but Goodie 9/11 documentary that has been removed and buried on youtube many times
The weather has changed in Minnesota. Living here 50 years. Changing back to the way it was when I was a kid. Love it.
Giuliani: "50 very important people motivated to have Epstein dead, not even including alleged names already released...It's impossible"
Who is (was) the warden of MCC? (Epstein related)
Interesting to note that not a single successful suicide has occurred at MCC other then J Epstien.
Warden of jail where Jeffrey Epstein killed himself reassigned, two guards placed on leave on orders of Attorney General William Barr
Hong Kong explanation
The great awakening Qmap
I’m starting to think the Hillary Epstein memes are artificial. All it does is starts arguments, it creates no discussion. We should know it was either, a group decision to kill him, he’s alive and somewhere, or, he killed himself.
Issac Kappy suicide
Looks like the FBI did find the computer after all.
Epstein was on the advisory board for LifeBoat, which builds underground bunkers “where babies are born and children play and go to school”
Epstein Met with Reporters Before Arrest, "Rambled" About People He Knew in Tech
Minority report on Epstein
Google, it's not a conspiracy it's a fact.
What are your fun, totally unsubstantiated conspiracies?
Huge! Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell 'boasted of videotaping everyone on the island, collecting compromising material on the rich and famous'
Leaked video of Epstein's suicide
Faces of El Paso shooter's compared
Conspiracy Theory's are dead
Jeffrey Epstein Somehow Won the Powerball Lottery in 2008
New! 3rd "Rusty Shackleford" Drone clip from FBI Raid on Lolita St. James Island USVI 8/12/19 #3 (Clear shots of agents on pier)
Connecting the Dots. A Greater Understanding of Epstein's Criminal Past.
Are there any Subreddits that are like this one MINUS the trumptards?
NSA Spy Network and the All Seeing Eye - With Conspiracy Theorists now being considered "Domestic Terrorists" What type of surveillance does the US Government have to monitor and gather data on virtually anyone they want? If you try to blow the whistle on "Soylent Green Is People" Human Harvesting
Donald Tump and Barr are giving Ghislane Maxwell- Epstein's crime partner- a free pass. #LockHerUp #StillSwampy #NoJustice #NoPeace
Attorney General William Barr says there were 'serious irregularities' at jail where Jeffrey Epstein killed himself
RustyShackleford uploaded part 3 of the FBI raid. 5min
Assange Must Not Also Die in Jail - Craig Murray, former UK ambassador and torture whistleblower.
Searching the term 'Fredo' in r/politics results paints an absurdly accurate picture of how truly corrupted r/politics has become.
Shrieking and Shouting Heard from Epstein's cell the morning he died
"Epstein has a license to carry a concealed weapon, once claimed to have worked for the CIA--although he now denies it--and owns properties all over America"- Nigel Rosser reported royal confidant
Facebook was secretly collecting user audio without their knowledge or permission, was paying hundreds of outside contractors to transcribe clips of audio from users. Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg also forgot to mention this to congress this last year.
What was that aggregated meta-documentary on youtube about child molesters in power in different parts of the world that was stickied a few months ago? Forgot what it was called, started with an 'I'.
Who Do You Trust
Reddit flagging my post about Epstein.
Epstein autopsy preformed by the same Dr as JFK's?
Swedish company is close to completing an aware 'Hard' AI
They’re trying really hard to discredit us.
What’s this Antarctica talk all about? I’m intrigued
Journalists familiar with Assange's present condition fear for his life
We have to start exposing gangstalking
I made a video debunking trump
Someone posted information about Epstein's death on 4chan a full 30 minutes before it would be publicly reported.
Here is my working theory on Epstein
Does Anyone Have Information About This Strange Temple-like Structure on Little Saint James Island?
Facebook Was Collecting User Audio, Paying Contractors To Transcribe It
Jennifer Araoz
4Chan Alien Pic That Supposedly Crashed the Site The Day it Was Posted and Made People Sick From Looking At It
Footage of Epstein speaking
Anyone know where to locate the data on how many suicides have historically occurred at MCC prior to Epstien?
Old New York Post Article Examines Jeffery Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell and mentions CIA/Mossad Rumors
4Chan "Insider" Info on Epstein
Could Epstein's demise be a false flag?
Is history a hoax?
Non News Media YouTube Coverage?!
Why was Jeffrey Epstein’s death on 4chan before it became public?
Hong Kong Media
How Lon Do You Guys Think It Will Take for Ghislaine Maxwell To "Suicide" Herself Because of Her Epstein Connection?
Facebook collecting user audio and paying outside contractors to transcribe intimate clips
The body removed from the prison likely wasn’t Epstein, per photo comparison
Anyone else find it strange that Jimmy Kimmel didn't cover the Epstein suicide?
Why doesn't this subreddit pay someone to go take pictures of the Epstein Island?
What so you think of this documentary from the 90s concerning black helicopters?
Ohio teen who \'supported mass shootings\' arrested on federal charges
Confessions of a gangstalker (not written by me)
Sluggish Schizophrenia
Guards on leave warden reassigned
At some point the existence of a "conspiracy theory" must have prevented a specific theory prediction from coming to pass...
Jeffrey Epstein death warden reassigned, two guards placed on leave.
VA Attorney General office responds to evidence of former news reporter Brian Hill’s actual innocence
My local news just posted a “breaking news” story that one of the guards on duty the night Epstein died just resigned
Is Epstein even dead?
Trump's DOJ hid shocking report on growing terror threat from white supremacists
Epstein's death yet another ritual
What happened to the 9/11 passengers?
Any thoughts on the shadow government conspiracy theory
Why do people love conspiracy theories? A psychiatrist explains
Details on Epstein's death posted to 4chan before it was public
5 Proven Powerful Manifestation Tips to Attract All Your Desires!
The Democrat party of America is owned my China. The Democratic Party are agents of China.
Epsteinds Island Review Result Might Lead To Guilty Parties
I don't like this
China calls Hong Kong protests "colour revolution" as tensions escalate
The Jeffrey Epstein matrix, i.e. the most productive thing I did at work today:
Little St James Island Reviews
Jeffrey Epstein’s ‘sex slave’ seen at Naomi Campbell’s birthday party in 2001. Not surprising.
Truth seekers everywhere must optimize this moment of vulnerability in the accepted narrative of “how the world works.”
Why is no one talking about Donald Barr's books?
I'm in danger!!
Shrieking heard from Jeffrey Epstein's jail cell the morning he died
Calling Jeffrey Epstein's Black Book Numbers Including Mick Jagger
Netflix documentaries?
I made a video debunking the dnc
The cover up begins.
People telling me the Epstein situation unprecedented and therefore unlikely, are there examples I can give of other prisoners being bumped off, or encouraged to commit suicide?
It is getting HOT in here everybody. Yield Curve Inverting, Market Volatility, China, Iran, and Now....Trump Has Taken The Gloves Off, No Holds Bar
Ghislaine Maxwell and The TerraMar Project [Ted Talk, WDS2]
4chan's intelligence agency at it again!
It is getting HOT in here everybody. Yield Curve Inverting, Market Volatility, China, Iran, and Now....Trump Has Gone Fully Taken The Gloves Off, No Holds Bar
Why is shirley skipper-scott being so thoroughly insulated from the media?
"Laura Silsby (Child Trafficking in Haiti with ties to Clinton) is now Laura Galyer, working at AlertSense (Amber Alerts)" These people are everywhere.
Conspiracy Theorists and Cognative Bias. A PSA on how we can be more efficient in finding the truth.
Is there a good guide with all of the info about this whole Epstein thing?
Washington Post editor attacks Bernie Sanders’ ‘conspiracy theory’, states “Jeff Bezos allows our newsroom to operate with full independence, as our reporters and editors can attest.” The Post is supposed to expose CIA secrets, but Bezos' Amazon has a $600 million contract with the CIA to keep them.
But for real, is there any hope?
/r/all goes full /r/conspiracy: "The prosecution refused to charge Epstein under the Mann Act, which would have given them authority to raid all his properties. I think it’s a good idea for people to read up on the Mann Act and ask why the fuck the prosecution chose ignore it."
Jeffrey Epstein black book underacted
Katy Perry Has a History of Making Men Uncomfortable
Proud to wear the Pedophile flag at Pride March in 2019 - Can we find out who this is? Where it was held?
Maybe it wasn’t hanging? Hear me out, this guy was a paedophile sex addict and simply used the art of auto-erotic asphyxiation, the act can be performed individually with his hands? Remember INXS frontman Michael Hutchence? Unless, HE WAS SUICIDED?
Top 03 referrals of the top crypto exchange gain the total commission up to 2,917 BTC (around $32,000,000 at this time). Can you believe it?
Epstein IS NOT ALIVE - His estranged brother Mark was called in to identify the body - See video at 2:50 mark. Let's focus on the other aspects of this whole thing; tired of seeing wacko body-double fairy tales.
Bill Gates flew with Jeffrey Epstein on the Lolita Express in 2013
New releases show Bill Gates fles on Jeffrey Epsteins private jet in 2013.
A Reddit and Conspiracy Newbie
The Silver Lining on the Epstein “Suicide”
hong kong protesters may have struck a nerve shutting down the airport
"Jeffrey Epstein's co-conspirators should not rest easy" - I doubt they're shaking right now.
JFK Assassination - the chest tubes
US government reportedly keeping migrant girls in a 5 bedroom worth 900k with reporters and independent observers BANNED
It seems the CNN reporter Chris Cuomo is loosing his shit. Wasn't he the one begging people not to look into Epstein's circle of friends?
Epstein screamed in his jail cell
Any idea what they’re hiding on Little St. James?
The video of Trump calling out Clinton having "a lot of problems coming up" with Epstien's Island
Israel’s Flagship Lobby Organization Collapses
President Donald J. Trump on Twitter: "Many are blaming me, and the United States, for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can’t imagine why?"
Reminder: This was perfectly fine back then right? Nothing happened to Demi Moore about making out with a 15 year old?
What are some good reads for Cryptid stories like Bigfoot, skinwalker, boatman etc..
I feel this sub would love the website crazdaysandnights.net about Hollywood's less than savory A-listers and their illegal sexual appetites, illegal drug use, the open secretes the media doesn't touch.
HEAVY programming in Big Brother UK's opening titles from 2018
Epstein's plane made multiple trips to the Caribbean while he was locked up, specifically July 23rd, July 27th (shown in pic), and Aug 4th.
Remember When Goldman Sachs Questioned Whether Curing Sick People Is Worth It?
Is ignorance bliss? Or is knowing a good thing?
Big government gun grabber in chief. 2A supporters have been tricked into giving away their rights by a man with an R next to his name. Red flag laws consolidate government power over the people.
(Thought) How can so many people not realize (or maybe they just don’t care), but to be a child sex TRAFFICKER you need to be TRAFFICKING these children to SOMEONE. How do we not have a single client of Epstein?
After I read a couple posts here mentioning possible distractions form the Epstein case. This happened literally 1hr ago. Fortunately nothing came of it but could this have been something bigger or was this just an isolated incident?
Excuse my ignorance but in cases like these doesn’t the Freedom of Information Act help the public reach information hidden like this so long as they work Collectively?
I sort of find it convenient for the government that Epstein's 'suicide' happened just a week after back-to-back mass shootings outrage the country...
I Think They Strangled Epstein With A Bed Sheet And Hung Him Up
Recent UFO "Disclosures" are meant to Distract from the JFK Assassination - Doug Caddy and the E. Howard Hunt Alien Throw
One eye symbolism
Bots on twitter
African Aliens Built China’s Great Wall? (Proof)
Who's Who in the Jeffrey Epstein sex scandal ?
AFRICAN ALIENS BUILT CHINA’S GREAT WALL
crosspost from r/wsb Jeffrey Epstein ran a Ponzi Scheme with 1 client. he made $900 Million from that deal. He also made some of the most autistic Bets in Wall Street History! a look to where his money came from!
File under “holy shitballs”: About 38 minutes before news outlets first reported Jeffrey Epstein's death in prison, a 4chan user published a detailed post about it.
"The question you have to ask, did Bill Clinton go to the island? ... that’s the question. If you find that out, you are going to know a lot." - President Trump
XR WEB, the decentralized protocol for XR (Extended Reality) apps built for the Internet is having a token pre-sale.
Something I've noticed about HK riots + Notice
An amazing documentary proving the existence of aliens, UFO's, hidden secret technologies, free energy, etc.
India revokes Kashmir's special status. Why is this historic move by India receiving minmal coverage by the US MSM?
Chinese bots are really active nw that military is mobilizing... 🤔
They are finally raiding the Epstein island.
Documentary: Beauty &amp;The Beast Decoded- Exposing the Symbols of the Satanic Hellywood Elite
Thoughts on Bill Gates depopulation comment?
Trump told reporters to “ask the Q-uestion”
I have seen the future
Deepfake danger: What a viral clip of Bill Hader morphing into Tom Cruise tells us
Very well read and fact hitting realistic truther. Watch this video it’s cram packed with good info
Indira Singh: Linking Washington to terrorists, child sex rings and drugs (2005)
Hong Kong is part of trade negotiations.
What are your thoughts on andrew yang outside of his policies?
Epstein's suicide is real
Reddit account issues related to activity in this sub.
INFOWARS tries to legitimise the idea that Epstein ACTUALLY committed suicide.
How about this theory about Epstein
Shrieking heard from Epstein's Cell, Mysterious Guard on Duty the Day he died
Top Ten Conspiracy Theories
The World Abandons Hong Kong to Communist Tyranny
Rick knows
Epstein. The Podesta emails. The Clinton Server. Huma Abedein, Acosta’s intelligence comment. The FBI waiting to raid island until his death. Comey not charging Hillary even though anyone else would’ve been locked up for life..it’s all connected. Accept the fact; FBI, congress, CIA are compromised.
Reports of 'shrieking and screaming' coming from Epsteins cell before he was found.
Is it possible for the American MSM to produce a documentary show about WW2 that isn't about Hitler?
Footage of Epstein raid
I’m new to the subreddit. False flag being prepared for the Golden Gate Bridge! Anybody talking about it??
Jeffrey Epstein death in prison shifts focus to Ghislaine Maxwell, British alleged co-conspirator and acquaintance of Prince Andrew
Hello guys!😁 TitanCoin Reward Bot is Here!
A recap of current world affairs
Do The ISIS (Hegelian Dialectic - The Globalists Game) - Music Video Exposes The Entire Zionist Divide and Conquer Order From Chaos Plot For World Domination
Illinois Governor Signs Bill Mandating Public Schools Teach LGBTQ History
Reminder that the now-dead fugitives in Manitoba gave RCMP the excuse to terrorize a town where the RCMP are in trouble over a historic abuse scandal
Yahoo is part of Oath.
How does someone walk into a maximum security prison kill someone and walk out without being detected?
The comedian who took the video of the young girls in the marble spa room with drains in the floor, that later died in Arizona. Where is that footage? Was this taken in JE’s temple?
"Mr. Epstein knew an astonishing number of rich, famous and powerful people, and had photos to prove it. He also claimed to know a great deal about these people, some of it potentially damaging or embarrassing, including details about their supposed sexual proclivities and recreational drug use."
The Jeffrey Epstein Story So Far, in 2 minutes
Reality is way stranger than fiction. Bones in the Vatican, unmarked mass graves sites, and now the Epstein suicide.
Jeffrey Epstein death: Shrieking heard from jail cell the morning he died at Metropolitan Correctional Center
The Psychopaths in your Head
Jeffrey Epstein kept a secret diary that contained 'meticulously detailed' details of his friendships with powerful people, as an 'insurance policy'
To give you context on the Prince Andrew connections to Epstein.
Bayer gets help from Trump as US regulators veto warnings its Roundup weedkiller causes cancer
Alternative Energy is a Massive Scam, and the only Green that will come out of it is more pollution and problems for the future.
Who the hell is Greta ThunBERG and why the hell is the media shilling her platitudes?
List of demands
Problem, reaction, solution 101...Politicians call on Walmart to stop selling guns.
Koch’s Massive Tech Bet: ‘Do It or We’ll End Up in the Dumpster’
Hundreds Of Germans Probed Over Anti-Migrant Comments On Facebook. Once again, Germany demonstrates that it is the globalists' beta-test site.
Conspiracy of Silence - A 1993 documentary (1hr) about the Franklin Cover-up Scandal (the child sex ring that reached Bush/Reagan Whitehouse). Just before airing, the rights to the documentary were purchased by unknown persons who had ordered all copies destroyed. This is a rough cut that was saved.
The 2015 Paris terrorist attack November 13 happened one night before the 2015 second Democratic debate...
Something Big Seems to Be Going Down Near Area 51: Various pieces of information point to some important and secretive testing taking place in the Nevada Test and Training Range over the weekend.
Mind Control things...
ULTIMATE CREEP LIST, ALL EPSTEIN'S FRIENDS + SOURCES
Google maps manipulates images from Epsteins island
Assets don’t get arrested — they found fugitive Michael Hand but nobody cared!
The Players in This Nasty Business: The Monster (Epstein); "Mari" (Ghislaine Maxwell); Mari's Father (Robert Maxwell); The Hollywood A-Lister (Sean Penn?); The "Attack Dog" Lawyer (Alan Dershowitz?); The Socialist Dictator (Chavez?); The Russian Oligarch (Abramovich?); The Princess (?)
Bill Burr On Jeffrey Epstein Suicide
I don't know where to post this but I found a super sketchy twitter account
Someone has been flying their drone around Jeffrey Epstein's private island for the past month and yesterday the FBI raided his house
Raising awareness of Epstein
Why doesn’t Alex Jones talk about Roy Cohn and his black mail scandals and his predecessors from the prohibition cia ties Reagan/franklin sc.There close ties to trump really make me think that there’s a civil war within the elites and trumps just on another side. Reagan was obviously a puppet too
The Octopus
ULTIMATE CREEP LIST, ALL EPSTEIN'S FRIENDS W SOURCES
A short list of the Clinton’s (ex)associates
What if the HK Revolution...
Is this the right sub to post this?
Theory: What is happening in Hong Kong is just a test of what will happen to the rest of the world.
Chris Cuomo admits to being an actor for CNN
Conspiracy in plain sight.....
In light of the FBI Raid of Epstein's Island, the current prosecutor for the SDNY is none other than Maureen Comey - daughter of former FBI Director James Comey. Anyone else smell a cover-up masked as a "crackdown"?
The Clinton Bodycount
14 of the alleged 9/11 hijackers were on the US government's no-fly list five years after the Sept. 11 attacks
HMMMMMM
thoughts on this :( ??
Conspiracy of Silence - A 1993 documentary (1hr) about the Franklin Cover-up Scandal (the child sex ring that reached Bush/Reagan Whitehouse). Just before airing, the rights to the documentary were purchased by unknown persons who had ordered all copies destroyed. This is a rough cut that was saved.
Can we identify as "truth-seekers" instead?
Jeffrey Epstein death: Shrieking heard from jail cell the morning he died at Metropolitan Correctional Center
Donald Trump, Jeffrey Epstein and William Barr
US Officials are pussy-footing around the Hong Kong protests, calling for both sides to refrain from conflict instead of siding with the peaceful protesters. Typical dirtbags...
I have a question about Rusty's videos.
US Officials are pussy-footing around the Hong Kong protests, calling for both sides to refrain from conflict instead of siding for the peaceful protesters. Typical dirtbags...
Hong Kong context
Can’t remember if it was this sub I saw it in but I also just had an experience with a smart device reading my mind but it was my Apple Watch
A suspicious protester was searched by other protesters and found out to be a mainland police.
Trucks are heading to Hong Kong and I read reddit removes it. Is it due to the tencent investment and communist party links?
Elon Musk, Jeffrey Epstein, "Pedo Guy" Tweet
Epstein, His Connection to "The Club" of Manipulators
Keep that Darkest Timeline Covered Up, brah.
Trucks are heading to Hong Kong and I read reddit removes it. Is it due to the tencent investment and communist party links?
Where’s Jeffery speaking?
The first ever reported case of sexual abuse in Hollywood in 1921
You know why we have to be conspiracy theorists?
do people know that bill cosby lived across the street from epstein ?
*cough* child rapist *cough*
We are under attack! Don't let the media make us look like fools or paranoid schizos.
The Jefferey Epstein Scandal is NOT an Isolated Incident -- He Is NOT The Only Child Rapist Involved With The US Government
Robert Maxwell Documentary - essential viewing for details on the Maxwell connection
The body removed from Epstein's cell and below, the real Epstein. Spot the differences.
Differences between a Google and Bing search
It's all memes and games until we storm Area 51
Prime Minister of Denmark issues public apology for years of child abuse (physical, sexual, and even govt run drug testing) at their foster care and orphan centers. These places are where the elites take kids from for their own personal abuse. They're trying to say it was only from 1945-1976
Who do you think is next after Epstein?
DMT and evil entities
Who do you think is next after Epstein?
Good Morning, Conspiracy - Adrian Cronauer, CCR and Martha and the Vandellas - Vietnam War Footage
Godfather - Where are the guards? Clue
Hong Kong
My life is a conspiracy. I was born in Antarctica and have no birth certificate. I have an odd ability and remember my birth clearly. Anyone else have an odd history?
Was looking for a new channel or just something to fill my curiosity when I realized every video is MSM degrading Epstein theories or talking about President Trump's remarks
Sources on FBI grooming the mentally unstable?
Shrieks heard in Epstein’s cell, a new individual who was not a normal guard was on duty
This Epstien Scandal Sure Explains Why Pedophiles get Such Light Jail Sentences
Hong Kong protesters wave American flag, sing national anthem
Prime Minister of Denmark issues public apology for years of child abuse (physical, sexual, and even govt run drug testing) at their foster care and orphan centers. These places are where the elites take kids from for their own personal abuse. They're trying to say it was only from 1945-1976
The PLA killing innocent civilians in Hong Kong, and Trump responding with threats of war over the killings would make a pretty decent way to get everyone to forget about Epstein issue.
JOBCHAIN_ATOMARS_REWARD_BOT
The sickest part of the Epstein thing is that every psychologist says that sexual child abuse has no treatment, no cure. Which means that somewhere all these same sickos have found a new supplier of children. A new Sandusky, a new Saville, a new Epstein. Somewhere there's a new Little St. James.
Hong Kong is a distraction from a chinese elite to defer attention from Epstein
Epstein was only arrested so he could be murdered in prison. There was never going to be a trial. The new indictment was all charges from before 2008, which he had immunity from due to the plea agreement.
Epstein???
Bob Lazar knew what was going on at Area 51, and the government literally erased all of his credentials in order to discredit him.
Please, for the love of all that is good...
It's almost like they want the Esptein "Suicide" to look blatently suspicious or faked. Maybe they're sending a message? Maybe this is just a distraction? Seems too obvious from all angles, I'm honestly perplexed. And I think that's the point. Muddy the waters to keep everyone unsure.
PSA: You can now investigate PizzaGate again on /r/PedoGate
Documentaries and reading on certain topics
Epstein’s Madam Maxwell MIA. Very suspicious
Donald Trump Exposed As An Inside Tool Of The Zionist Swamp (List of Zionists in Key Positions)
How this Epstein saga reminded me of David Kelly.
New Epstein prediction in light of recent developments. Nobody will go down for his suicide, we'll never know in fact if it was a red cloth against a doorknob. Moreover only the lowest hanging fruit will go down for the Epstein scandal i.e. Maxwell and her cohorts. Hong Kong will be the distraction.
Bob Lazar’s Story- Not just a conspiracy theory
Someone help.
Facts are facts
Bush 41 &amp; the JFK cover-up
Stop using Main Stream Media, Youtube/Google search results very telling
The FBI has manufactured another "domestic terrorist." The role of confidential informants needs to be investigated in mass shootings and conveniently preempted domestic terrorist plots.
Former HSBC chief pleads guilty in $1.8 billion french tax case.
I’ve been waiting for Joe Rogan to talk about Epstein on his podcast. Im surprised it took a while for the subject to be brought up.
The Truth about /r/Cantelmoism/
San Jose seeks to impose fine on legal gun owners and mislabel it as "insurance."
Australian pedophile story from the early 90s
French officials call for investigation of Jeffrey Epstein’s 'links with France'
Informative video and new footage of Epstein's zorro ranch breeder farm
Reporters Account of Meeting Epstein in 2018. Drops names: Elon Musk, Steve Bannon, Woody Allen, M.B.S.
Historical reminder: British state used proxies to assassinate Billy Wright inside the high security Maze Prison 27th December 1997.
Literal UFO tech, possibly reverse engineered. US Navy claims to have Room Temperature Super Conductors (RTSC) and High Energy Electromagnetic Field Generator (HEEMFG). If this tech is functional in 2019 that means the patents filed, and UFO sightings, in 2017 may in fact be experimental US crafts.
Heating Up In Hong Kong (live feed)
Tracy Beanz Bombshell: The Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC) facility, where Epstein was held, does NOT issue (or make available at any level) "orange prison jumpsuits" -- as we all saw "Epstein" wearing as he wheeled into NY Presbyterian-Lower Manhattan Hospital".
cdv yv
Earlier image going around had a pic of alive Epstein's right side compared to deceased image of his left side, sparking theory of a body swap. This clearly shows death photo as authentic.
Which conspiracies do you think are 100% true?
The Dutroux Affair
Something Very Bad About To Happen In Hong Kong
Silence of the lambs
FBI finally decides to arrive at Epstein's Little St. James Island to do an investigation. Over a decade and a half late, this is more a cover up than an investigation. The Hong Kong military crackdown is happening and will be used as the massive distraction from Epstein.
Jeffrey Epstein said he was helping Elon Musk find a new chairman for Tesla
Hong Kong Airport shut down again.
As I and many have predicted, after they effected business long enough, the protestors in Hong Kong are about to be attacked by the Chinese military. This is going to be Tienanmen Massacre 2019 with almost 20 times as many people.
Let's not forget that even some people in the MSM have been trying to wake people up to reality. Here is a woman who went on Dr.Phil to talk about being one of these rape slaves like Epstein had, and how they played the human hunting game on slaves.
Tony Bourdaines suicide? Was he really found kneeling and if so what is the significance of his posture ?
5 Theories About The "Death" Of Jeffrey Epstein | Zero Hedge
Epstein Maxwell Bette Midler Barking Update
Monitored?
The media is being used to brainwash people.
They're going to Quarantine us, or shut us down altogether.
Hello! Lets compile a list of names that was a guest on JRE and has surfaced on the Lolita express flight logs.
Conspiracy theory: RT news and lots of conspiracy theory documentaries push gold to viewers as part of a program by Russia to undermine the dominance of the US dollar as the world currency.
Epstein Flight Logs - Searchable Excel Format - Does this exist already or should I continue making it?
Its fun because it's true
I'm sure this has been covered already but please don't sell your DNA
another theory about Epstein
Rusty Shackleford just uploaded a new clip of the FBI raid and you can see the missing computer wrapped in pink bubble wrap. So the FBI does seem to have it
Jeffrey Epstein investigation may target new suspects after financier's death | US news | The Guardian
Dead Man's Switch
Theory that the EU was founded and run by Nazis?
Ghislaine Maxwell's mews house in London
Potluck pull from the Epstein directory?
Conspiracy theory: RT news pushes gold because they want to undermine the dominance of the US dollar as the worlds global currency.
Why Epstein Was Killed
The Epstein Little Black Book - accuracy
The focus of Barr’s speech was the need for consumer electronic products and applications that use encryption to offer a “backdoor” for the government, specifically law enforcement, to obtain access to encrypted communications as a matter of public safety.
Epstein trust, “Zorro Trust” wins powerball 1 day before 18 month prison sentence. $29Million
An article that summarizes many of the people who were in Epstein's black book
George Carlin - Conspiracy Theorists and Powerful People
Something's fishy with this Epstein stuff
Can someone please link me to a Clinton Body Count list?
Why Epstein Was Assassinated
1st Time OP Post
Why is the media dismissing questions about Jeffrey Epstein’s death as “conspiracy theories”? -- World Socialist Web Site
Informing oneself adequately.
Reddit has removed yet another post featuring China’s army moving towards Hong Kong—this time from r/gifs.
is the sleight of hand beginning?
Where on earth is Ghislaine Maxwell?
Former intelligence officer Philip Giraldi suspects Epstein was working for Mossad
Drone Footage of Little Saint James FBI Raid 8/12/19
Jeffrey Epstein's Occultic Pedophile Island Raided By The F.B.I. -- A Massive Deep State Cover-Up?
Paul Craig Roberts offers his take on l'affaire Epstein
I don't know about you guys, but it was very convenient for this woman to have the perfect spot to record. Also, I find it odd she says rifle over and over when everyone else would say gun.
FBI Raid Little St. James USVI 8/12/19
A high-profile prisoner with mounds of dirt on the global elite - sitting in one of the most high-profile prisons in America - having already “attempted suicide”, killed himself after the guards watching him transferred his cell mate away and took a break because they were “working crazy overtime”..
Missing Pieces of Epstein Released court documents
Chrome, Hulu, and Microsoft are conspiring to not take screenshots
FBI try to hide from Rusty(drone) using Cardboard Boxes - Epstein
The scourge of wall street "Patrick Byrne" CEO of Overstock, son of GEICO chairman, mentored by Warren Buffett, two black belts, boner of Maria Butina, lead backer of Ravencoin, 3X cancer survivor, 2X hepatitis survivor says he has "all the answers" concerning the Russian &amp; Clinton investigations.
I would never trust any 'conspiracy theory' that becomes a dramatically scripted talking point in the artificial American sideshow distractionary media narrative....
Yes, false flag attacks DO happen: the case of the 1999 Moscow apartment bombings
Pedophile epstein full black book unredacted
New cryptoroulette game! FREE 0.02BTC for everyone!
I know it may be tedious but can somebody ELI5 this Epstein situation?
Colin Quinn’s new special on Netflix is refreshingly realistic.
This has just happened in my city. Just google Sydney CBD stabbing. It just so happens the news guys were walking around the exact area with a anchor man ready for this. I think it’s all fake apparently one woman has been stabbed and injured. But I think it’s all a distraction
Epstein Death Sets Off Wild Wave Of Conspiracy Theories--Colbert
Epstein Island F.B.I raid footage
Why haven't they raided Jeffery epsteins 2nd island?
Elder tribesman with extreme precision
Hillarys brother?! This seems like the most probable scenario yet.
Why wasn’t Epstein’s face covered?
Barr visits MCC right after the first alleged Epstein “attack”
Is there a comprehensive list anywhere of high-profile suicides/deaths while in custody, just before testifying?
Adding Context to ‘News’ About Venezuela
Classic.
French charity Innocence in Danger also urged for a probe into Epstein. The children’s organisation said there was an “international dimension” to the US prosecution against Epstein that includes “several people of French nationality”.
Prince Andrew responds to sex trafficking allegations...
US Lost Important Military Allies In The Middle East | The Iranian
Epstein's Disturbing Amazon Receipt Exposed in Court Documents Released
Gateway in Antartica?
There seems to be a lot of conspiracies tying Hillary Clinton to some bad things. What are the ones that actually have some credibility to them?
Epstein's Disturbing Amazon Receipt Exposed in Court Documents Released
Jared Kushner (?) at Mark Sanford press conference in 2009
Remain Silent: Phillip Turner and Rebecca Musarra - Police Harassment (Part 2)
This is an excellent time to take another look at the Podesta emails.......
Did Epstein have anything to write on in his cell?
Interesting that the day Epstein died 99% of reddit agreed it was suspicious. Now an article dismissing it as a conspiracy theory is on the front page.
Hulu live no fox news.
This J.E.E. is on most of Epsteins sweaters. American Flag on shoulder. Anyone know what this is about? jeeproject@yahoo.com (NY)
He spoke to almost no one.
Collateral Damage - Julian Assange - WikiLeaks - Paper Planes
Theory: Humans are tainted by the ego. Power leads to corruption. And revolution won't change a thing
Don’t know where to post this. Therapist pizzeria?
Who Or What Is The Whore Of Babylon: Exposing The Cabal's Global Child Abuse Network
Weird how no one is talking about gun control, or any other social-political implications the last mass-shootings could have had.
Horrifying UN Report Details Widespread Child Rape By High-Level UN Employees
ERROR ON FOX NEWS PLAYBACK DURING 11 OCLOCK HOUR ON HULU LIVE. BUT CAN GET CNN WITH NO PROBLEM..BIAS!!!!FEED CUT ON INTENTIONAL BIAS
Why is no one talking about how names like Mick Jagger, Michael Jackson, big names from Buckingham palace, and business tycoons are listed in Epsteins black book.
Boat is still down. Any theories?
Steven Crowder is a shrill for Team Epstein
[Meta] The conspiracy community needs to attack. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
Nothing to see here folks just the Zionist Propaganda machine
Ghislaine Maxwell is missing according to multiple reports...Predictions on her outcome here
This is the Zodiac speaking - My name is
The Wall Street banksters factually conspire with the drug cartels to launder money. These same financial institutions finance the campaigns of prohibitionist politicians.
Illegal Alien: Covenant
The Japanese military planned an operation called “Cherry Blossoms and Night” which would have released bubonic plague-carrying fleas across California. Tests in China killed 200,000. After the war, the US agreed to grant immunity and cover up the project in exchange for access to the data.
Try applying Aristotle’s golden mean to your life style, it will surely help you moderate the different aspects of your everyday life.
Annie Jacobsen's Q clearance source who revealed horrific experiments done on children was Ed Westcott
The US government admitted using radioactive weapons in Iraq, leaving thousands of babies deformed.
The Great Hack | Netflix Official - Can we honestly say our vote was our original decision anymore?
This can’t be a coincidence...
Julian Assange Full Data Dump When Arrested Found Here - #WikiLeaks #JulianAssange
Epstein in the witness protection program people. Use your ***** brains
Let’s talk about the real conspiracy going on here. Marijuana is only illegal still because big pharma knows they’d lose half of there business in one day.
Alex Jones takes a victory lap on Epstein... and tries to blame the Chinese.
Katy Perry accused of sexual assault
Epstein's Cell Was Three Doors Down From El Chapo: What the FUCK did he hang himself on?
This is how Epsteins interrogation went down.
Reddit is actively curating and removing Chinese Shenzhen content showing paramilitary vehicles preparing for Hong Kong incursion
Epstein “killed himself” by “kneeling toward the floor and strangling himself with a bed sheet”.... BULLSHIT! 😂
List of 71 Clinton Associates who Died Mysteriously or Committed Suicide Before Testimony
Can we honestly say we chose who we voted for anymore - The Great Hack
There's something more going on at McKamey Manor haunted attraction
I think we should take a step back from the Epstien situation.
If Elected, Bernie Sanders Will Reveal What the Government Knows About Aliens
Epsteins unredacted black book
Steel Beam from the World Trade Center
Just now realizing how gullible I am
So where will we go when this sub shuts down? Surely we have to get a backup plan going..
There's something more going on at the McKamey Manor haunted attraction
There's something more going on at the McKamey Manor horror attraction
Unredacted Epstein Black Book
Potential New Breakthroughs in the Epstein Case (Part 1 of 3)
What's one conspiracy you could argue about with anyone using just ur personal knowledge with no footage or anything to help you
Five facts about Epstein's death
FLAT EARTH
Next week's headline: Delusional conspiracy theorist kills guards at Epstein jail
Is trans legit?
Prisoner Loretta-Lynched Behind Bill Barrs
Do not let them call Epstein a "sex offender". Call him what he is - He is a child rapist.
Prisoner Loretta-Lynched Behind Bill Barrs
NIBIRU THROWBACK | END TIME EVENTS BREAKDOWN
Starter Conspiracies to Research
The Al-Aqsa Mosque attack on 8/11 was predicted. Should we look into the possibility of a third temple?
Are we living in a fictional world?
El Paso Shooting 360 - Truth Tracker
If one wanted to "tank" an economy, one would have one's secret agencies create chaos in a remote section of the target. One wouldn't have to fight, just support.....
Clouds looked like this today. Weird..
More Google manipulation...@sewernuggets (Soph)
Will they censor us?
Just say it
JE unredacted connections
Epstein had the p tapes.
What was the first event (news or otherwise) or unusual thing in your life that caused you to awaken?
They killed 3000 people on 9/11 and got away with it. Do you really think that aren't going to get away with killing Epstein?
Now it seems that authorities are having problems locating Ghislaine Maxwell...
Can we cure this Planetary Cancer killing our Society? Can we cure depression? Greed? greedVAX.com
FBI warns conspiracy theories lead to terrorism..
Opinion | Epstein Suicide Conspiracies Show How Our Information System Is Poisoned - The New York Times
The Clintons When They Hear of Epstein's Suicide
thehimmmm Monster/Mari blind (CDAN) Part 2
How did Epstein allow himself to get arrested? He's as deepstate as it gets, or is there someone even more powerful to whom exposing the ring will be profitable?
There exists a shadowy Government with its own Air Force, its own Navy, its own fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free from the law itself.
911 Hollywood predictive programming 1963-2001
This is the latest attempt at blaming the guards for Epsteins murder.
This was taken from Michael Baden’s (Epstein’s coroner) Wikipedia page. That’s some awful wording for a “suicide”.
We all know (assume with lots of backing evidence) Epstein and Maxwell were CIA/Mossad plants for political blackmail. This means that we must be cautious with our accusations.
I am heating up! (Epstein Rant)
One of Jeffrey Epstein’s guards the night he hanged himself in his federal jail cell wasn’t a regular correctional officer, according to a person familiar with the detention center
Latest: One of Epstein's Guards...Was NOT a Corrections Officer
Good Twitter thread. No real proof but interesting thought.
Jeffrey Epstein was more than the owner of a pedophile ring.
Not suspect at all
Steingate: finding common ground
Weird stuff
We should buy up prime interstate billboard space, and inform the general public just how badly they are being mislead
Bodies found in Canada are confirmed as wanted "killers"; cause of death appears to be suicide by gunfire
And that's a Fact
I guess they saved the shooting for his suicide This is from early july
r/conspiracy isn't on this list at all (at least the top 1000 subreddits). Which is surprising with all the influx of Epstein chatter.
As Fake Autopsy results hit the Media, France Demands Private Investigation on Epstein's "SUPPOSED SUICIDE"
What the Russians Were Working on That Went Boom
Why didn’t Epstein and his lawyers give a statement on his first suicide (murder) attempt and tell the public he was not suicidal like they had told the prison? That way there would be absolutely zero doubt he had been killed!
Why didn’t Epstein and his layers give a statement on his first suicide (murder) attempt and tell the public he was not suicidal like they had told the prison? That way there would be absolutely zero doubt he had been killed!
[Meta] Nationalism vs. Globalism: What Route Should The World Take?
Kamala Harris covered up sexual assault allegations against an attorney she appointed.
Turns out there was a conspiracy surrounding Trump and the election.
The front door on Epstein's temple is a painting.
Regarding his interest in human modification, isn't it possible he developed a way to survive long enough for it to be believable?
I'm sorry.
Pakistan to observe Independence Day as Kashmir Solidarity Day, 15-Aug as Black Day
4chan down?
Drone footage on Little Saint James Island what were these men doing?
In light of the blatant corruption on the part of the NYC Police/Corrections as well as the US Gov't as a whole and their willingness to cover up pedophilia, WTF happened to the information found on Anthony Weiner's laptop?
The Day Jeffrey Epstein Told Me He Had Dirt on Powerful People
Does the Southern Poverty Law Center run the FBI?
Who is the man next to Trump?
[Meta] Nationalism vs. Globalism: What Route Should The World Take? - The truth is that both have their positive and negative attributes that should be taken into account. When people fall too deeply into either ideology, they often blind themselves to the real nuances of the objective picture.
The media seems to be telling one conclusion to the story: Epstein’s definitely dead. Dead, dead, dead. No question.
Epstein's death.
Chris Cuomo unleashes on a guy calling him "Fredo". Equates it with calling someone the N-word.
Book recommendations on secret societies, the occult, etc?
Drone footage captures something interesting on Little St James Island
Operation Mad Hatter Leads to Multiple Arrests in Central Arkansas
Epstein prison warden shirley scott has "no comment" on his death. Probably rolling around on a big pile of cash rn.
Ripped from 80's TV: Who's favorite Boston bar gets a hole blown through it with a pressure cooker?
Earlier today there was a video of a large scale troop deployment in Hong Kong
The FBI is snorkeling around Epstein's sex slave islands.
And that's a Fact
The new Trump news are the distraction they were planning from the Epstein news
Barr, Baden &amp; Dershowitz, oh my.
A Financial System Reset Will Make Bitcoin the only Currency Left Standing | Nic Carter
What game is being played?
Join the Disclosure Of Evil
Will John Oliver of "Last Week Tonight" cover the Epstein debacle?
So disturbing that my borderline psychopathic professional value system dealbreaker list has recently been amended to include “no clients suspected of sexual abuse against children.” But here we are. Tell me what you’ve got on this one.
Epstein is a symptom and sign of systemic political and social corruption.
Draft order to censor the internet under Trump leaked today
Is this really the only footage of Jeffrey Epstein speaking?
The popular media definition of "conspiracy theories" is incoherent. They've spent three years pushing a debunked Trump/Russia conspiracy, but now will try to denigrate anyone who suggests a sinister explanation for the suspicious, sudden death of Epstein as a crazy conspiracist
The MSM wants you to STOP watching conspiracy theory videos.
REMINDER: Ghisalaine Maxwell's father, Robert Maxwell, was the CIA/Mossad agent who disseminated the hacked/backdoored PROMIS (Ptech) software to government entities around the globe. Whistleblowers like Indira Singh, who also investigated child sex trafficking, are long since dead/disappeared.
There is a huge statue of Lucifer in the Vatican
TruNews has an excellent video about Zorro Ranch. This was by the front door. Date on the top is 1610. Anyone know anything about Heraldry?
No Cameras inside or outside Epsteins Jail Cell
Bought this picture for my gym room a few months ago and look what I just noticed on it....when you see it.
Back everything up
**DATELINE: Bohemian Grove, California** - Why weren't the underage victims "suicided" or sacrificed?
And the plot thickens....
RIP Harambe
Reddit is interfering with Hong Kong posts on the front page
At the point, it's as if they are mocking us. Not only was the murder blatant, but they waste time on an obvious joke Facebook group.
Admins are removing this video from reddit. Stay strong Hong Kong
Conspiracy has been infected.
BBC deep fake pre programming
Fox News begins to disable comments on Epstein-related content
Got this notification and then the app glitched and i couldn’t find it the article anymore.
Check Out the Bias on Snopes. When 2 Narratives Come into Conflict.
If you were Epstein would you fly back to US knowing you were about to be arrested just to spend a few weeks in jail to hang yourself w/ a bedsheet? Or would you go somewhere that doesn’t have extradition treaty w/ US/find a better way to kill yourself?
Questions about the pic with the Epstien in the gurny...
So who is correct in Epstein case?
I have never received unsolicited calls, until I started digging up Epstein business and commenting on this sub more frequently.
What do you all make of Donald Barr (AG Bill Barr's father) penning a sci-fi novel about super wealthy aliens kidnapping and sex trafficking humans across the galaxy?
What ever happened to that child abuse video on Anthony Weiner's laptop?
15 arrests made this morning during Operation Mad Hatter in Little Rock, Arkansas
Great books to read on conspiracies?
Much safer to be a protester in Hong Kong than in France
FBI agents are livid that Trump is amplifying 'bulls--- theories' about Jeffrey Epstein's death 'that have no basis in reality'
Is irony the right word here or disgraceful? Ghislaine Maxwell featured as a speaker at the Annual WIE(women inspiration &amp; enterprise) Symposium 2013
Is there a correlation between the Family and AA?
(META) Got this message immediately after trying to comment in r/conspiracy
From 4chan: this site is one of the few results to come up when you search ghislaine maxwell's personal email address ("g****@mindspring.com"), as taken from the unredacted epstein address book
Elisabeth Moss filming on Macleay Street today, wonder what show it’s for?
The End of Free Love
This is Insane.
One of The Guards Watching Epstein When the "Suicide" Happened, Was a Substitute Guard
New York Times columnist James B. Stewart writes in a new piece that wealthy financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein claimed in an interview last year to have dirt on powerful figures. "Some must be breathing sighs of relief that whatever Mr. Epstein knew, he has taken it with him."
Jeffrey Epstein’s Zorro Ranch Breeder Farm
NOW: DEA Arrests In Arkansas 'Operation Mad Hatter.' Scroll Down For Hillary E-mail On 'Mad Hatter'
Scene from Enemy of The State depicts big brother surveillance predictive programming
OPUS 170 Epstein's Parodoxical Death?
MSM Epstein blitz psyop
Epstein Has Been Admitted To The Witness Protection Program ***SOURCE**
What percentage of you guys completely abstain from alcohol?
alien caught on camera 2019 outside my house in barbados caribbean real alien
I believe that the Clintons have been disposing of people that are openly against them or can lead to their reputation being ruined.
A couple of days ago there was a post about someone's text being changed to something about epstein... This was in my phone's clipboard. It's a tweet, but I don't use Twitter.
Epstein's case - Online petition to help keep the case relevant / call for an international investigation ?
http://boards.4chan.org/pol/thread/222764704/wtf-is-this-website-and-why-is-ghislaine-maxwell
𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝕺𝖗𝖉𝖊𝖗 𝕺𝖋 𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝕾𝖊𝖗𝖕𝖊𝖓𝖙
epstein black book deep dive
Do you believe Epstein was murdered or switched out?
Epsteins blackbook
This is scary.
Dude Reddit just remove the "disturbing video taken in Shenzhen" post? I can't see it in /r/videos unless I search for it.
I’m sorry this is stupid. I recently uploaded a picture that I found very important to the Epstein case and it was removed due to lack of submission statement. I’m new to reddit and I have no idea what it means can someone explain the submission statement and how to avoid it? Thanks.
Harvey Weinstein is FUCKING PISSED that he didn't get "suicided" like Jeffrey,lol.
Video- A Defense Of Conspiracies
What if...hear me out
PRIMO NUTMEG #188: The Rise &amp; Fall of RussiaGate
Suppressed stem cell research to protect big pharma.
Bombshell photos reveal Virginia Giuffre, Epstein's slave, VIP partying with Naomi Campbell and Flavio Briatore, when she was only a teenager. Is this proof Prince Andrew's Epstein girl was paraded at VIP parties?
In Short-Staffed Jail, Epstein Was Left Alone for Hours; Guard Was Substitute
No photos or videos of epstein
Coincidence? I think not.
They’d never do it
Is Epstein news keeping us away from Honk Kong and Moscow news?
It appears that China is mobilizing a significant military presence across the boarder from Hong Kong
The US Spy State &amp; The All Seeing Eye - The Government and Private Contractors have the ability to see everything you do online and MUCH more! They have the tech to build the virtual "All Seeing Eye" using "Microwaves" - Laughing yet? Don't be an idiot! Not Microwave Ovens, actual MICROWAVES! Watch!
I got this notification but when I clicked, the app crashed and the article was gone. Just for some info, SmartNews collects articles by only MSM sources.
They got away with 9/11; Epstein ain't shit
This is my favorite
Jeffrey Epstein hanged himself with prison bedsheet tied to top bunk bed while kneeling forward: source
FBI agents swarm Jeffrey Epstein's private Caribbean island
Division is the key to understanding what happens next
Russia demands Google delete anti-government ... | Taiwan News
What are your thoughts on this?
Regarding the recent FBI raids on Epstein island
What the hell is going on, on CNN. Do they have racist interns. Does Corey Booker have a secret black brother or is their saturation set on reverse Zimmerman?
ELI5 : what is Qanon ?
American Government, NGOs fuel and fund Hong Kong Extradition protest.
Epstein isn't actually dead
Same timeframe as the Epstein stuff going on five Russian nuclear engineers died after testing a new nuclear engine. Could this have anything to do with the elitist agenda?
Leaked Draft of Trump Executive Order to 'Censor the Internet' Denounced as Dangerous, Unconstitutional Edict
This all Epstein story seems... too obvious. Aren't there any stories that need cover?
So Epstein's private island has to be teeming with evidence, right?
Epstein Suicide Possibly Faked
Ben Swann on the Epstein autopsy
Goldman Sachs Gives Investors a Rare Signal to Buy Bitcoin
The decline/destruction of the family was orchestrated and encouraged by the paedophile elite
Jeffrey Epstein was member of most prominent NWO organizations (CFR, Trilateral Commission)
Jeffrey Epstein Suicide Rocked After Bombshell Photo Released
Jeffrey Epstein's Little Black Book unredacted
Jeffrey Epstein was connected to most promiment NWO entities (CFR, Trilateral Commission, Rockefellers)
Right-wing ‘journalist’: Jeffrey Epstein’s death was a ‘sting operation’ to catch Clintons in the act of killing him
Has a link between Podesta and #Epstein has appeared...?
MSM in the UK blames Epstein’s death on overworking, staff shortages.
List Of Clinton Associates Who Died Mysteriously Or Committed Suicide Including Epstein
For those who need to see the bigger picture of what the current Epstein scandal:
Notes to the Newbies
The Epstein Temple
Has anyone seen this possible Epstein pic before? Context??
Epstein was made into a monster even though he did nothing wrong
A brief rundown of the first ten pages of Jeffrey Epstein's 'Little Black Book'
Found on r/forwardsfromgrandma
FBI raids Epstein's island, what evidence do you think they will present to the public?
Jeffrey Epstein is NOT trending on Twitter today, that is highly suspicious
What if the Epstein suicide was an attempt to make everyone talk about it as a conspiracy, instead of talking about all the things he did to those girls?
Un-redacted Blackbook Investigation
The ears are the most obvious part. Neither aging nor the results of hanging can change the entire structure of your ear. The dead body wasn't even Epstein.
Disturbing video taken in Shenzhen just across the boarder with HongKong. Something extraordinarily bad is about happen.
Are there any good conspiracy youtube channels about recent and old proven conspiracies?
Add Attorney General William Barr to the Left Eye Club!
White America is Divided. But not how they want you to believe. WASP vs Non- WASP
8chan, The_Donald, Alex Jones, TRP, #metoo, pizzagate
They waited a over a month to raid Epstiens island?
I understand there's a lot going on with the Epstein 'thing' but I have a real big problem I need help with that occurred after I downloaded the data Google has on me...
Studies Prove Google Is Swinging 2020 AGAINST Trump, Biased Against Conservatives
U.S. Customs Continues to "Modernize" Its System to Include Biometrics For All Passengers
Netflix's The Family
My predictions were wrong and I apologize.
A dozen FBI agents raid Jeffrey Epstein's 'Pedophile Island'
With Epstein's death there is no one with standing to challenge search warrants correct?
People please read the topic posts before you post something. A lot same content is posted.
Epstein not dead
He’s right
Pocketnet found CNN manipulating saturation to make Corey Booker look more black than he is.
AGAIN??
Any good podcasts out there yet on the Epstein death?
A dozen FBI agents raid Jeffrey Epstein's 'Pedophile Island', pulling up to his Caribbean getaway in speedboats
Damn. How do they know?
This is quite the “predicament”
After browsing a few Epstein posts late last night I woke up to find my account had been temporarily suspended for suspicious activity. Ive been subbed here for awhile, and have been actively lurking for a few months. Seems fishy
Are the mass-shootings AND Jeffrey Pedosteins death both a distraction ???
I HAVE INFO ON ESPTEIN
Anecdotal evidence Epstein is still alive and his death was probably faked.
Chinese Power Visualized
Check out the NYT comments section on the Epstein suicide story.
Leaked Documents Show White House is Planning Executive Order to Censor the Internet
BREAKING: Autopsy Results Delayed -- Jeffrey Epstein And The Post Truth World
Jeffrey Epstein - WikiLeaks
A dozen FBI agents raid Jeffrey Epstein's 'Pedophile Island' in Carribean on speedboats
Beware: Massive CENSORSHIP happening on all major platforms goes nuclear. Reddit is a lost cause. We must find decentralized platforms NOW.
No mughsot or videos of Epstein in jail
Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth broke up during the Epstein scandal
Jeffrey Epstein - WikiLeaks
Suspicious
Kellyanne Conway: Trump wants ‘everything’ investigated in Jeffrey Epstein death
Jeff Bezos, Sergey Brin, Rupert Murdoch, Google execs, Harvard Professor, Nickelodeon Execs, Disney Execs, Many More all Flew with Epstein
FBI raid Epstein's Island
Dr. Evil says it best...
FBI Raids Jeffrey Epstein's Island
In Epstein's unredacted black book four of the massage contacts are men. It seems hard to imagine he didn't have male masseurs on call in order to blackmail gay members of the elite.
Call your congressman and senator
[Meta] When will you guys ever learn that nearly every narrative we are exposed to in the social media sites and in the news are CIA propaganda?
There is just no way Greater Israel could ever be the ultimate goal of the NWO. Playing with the idea of Hillary and Putin's WWIII. The Rothschilds vs the Jesuits. The Universal Empire and Frenzy Holocaust conspiracy theory.
The New York Times caught red handed on their fake news story about the Norway Mosque shooter posting on 8chan that he was inspired by the El Paso shooting.
It's more likely that Epstein managed to bribe the guards to look the other way.
Compilation of Holocaust denial arguments and how self-victimization strategy works.
On Saturday after the Epstein suicide came out, there was a big thread on politics. I tried repeatedly, but it wouldn’t let me upvote the comment that called out this sub by name.
The metaphysics of Soren Kierkegaard. How the media and the crowd keep passionate individuals from taking action.
Astroturfing information megathread. (X-post from r/shills)
A French/Canadian journalist take on Epstein. ( Nothing news, but a journalist openly talk about him being a spy/blackmail )
Does anybody have a link/copy of the UNREDACTED Epstein Black Book?
Recent rounds of EWG tests finds more children’s cereals tainted with Monsanto’s cancer-causing weedkiller
Revive #PizzaGate
Have there been any examples of a Dead Man’s Switch actually being deployed?
The US war on terror has cost at least $5 trillion and increased terrorism by 6,500%.
The Epstein Anti-conspiracy Theory
Independent news sources?
In the late 80's, a sex ring was exposed involving high level politicians, members of the church, and members of the media in Boys Town Nebraska. Victims who spoke out were silenced, charged with perjury, and some murdered.
The Colombian Banana massacre.
CDC’s own expert vaccine court witness confirmed vaccines can cause autism, so they fired him immediately.
Has there been any military/technical breakthroughs so advanced that the knowledge for such is more likely to be extra terrestrial in origin as opposed to throwing money at a problem?
CDC’s own expert vaccine court witness confirmed vaccines an cause autism, so they fired him immediately.
Kunstler: Epstein's Death May Be A Turning Point In The Public's Willingness To Accept Official Bullshit
You guys are missing the big picture
Report: Monsanto paid Google to bury unfavorable news.
US-led alliance ready to strike Iran. Not seeing this anywhere else on reddit.
Jeffrey Epstein’s little black book Full PDF
Shocking report on leading Jews' effort to defeat Rashida Tlaib - plans to manipulate Detroit’s black community
Can we FOIA to see the dead guy's junk?
This is as relavant today, as it was 5 years ago. USA the land of private prison.
The Jeffrey Epstein Story So Far, in 2 minutes
The Elite are Manipulating both the left and the right into demanding that they censor our internet and deny ourselves Free Speech.
Thousands of human bones found today (July 22, 2019) in The Vatican in an investigation connected to the 1983 disappearance of 15 year old Emanuela Orlandi.
This dude was straight killed...
Remember Last Year When Reddit Hired A Soros Atlantic Council Censorship Crony And Then Subs Started Getting Quarantined, Censored, and Deleted?
Giuliani suggests ‘withholding judgement’ on Epstein conspiracy theories two days after Trump promotes one
Conspiracy theories are dangerous—here’s how to crush them | The Economist
Some of the bizzare things police found at Epsteins Palm Beach Home.
Epstein - 2015 Article re Giuffre Speculating that FBI has Tapes
Sarcastically "Debunking" Pizzagate (a video for people who refuse to watch a regular PG breakdown, the first few minutes are bait)
Video on the Cattle Mutilation Phenomena
Leaked Draft of Trump Executive Order to 'Censor the Internet' Denounced as Dangerous, Unconstitutional Edict: "In practice, this executive order would mean that whichever political party is in power could dictate what speech is allowed on the Internet."
How are there no (zero) video interviews of Jeffrey Epstein online from before the 2000’s?
Is the lotto rigged?
The Still Bizarre Death of Charles C. Morgan
Fake Suicides and Dead Man Switches Keep Enron's Ken Lay and Pedophile Epstein Alive
I Think The People Involved in Epstein's "Suicide" Will Also Eventually Get Suicided
Is Epstein a red herring to distract from the massacre that's about to go down in Hong Kong?
An Epstein Protest for Justice!
PDF of Epstein’s little black book (full, unredacted).
[Re-Post] The Dutroux Affair: A reminder that no matter how much evidence you have or how many witnesses speak up, it probably won't end well for anyone.
What happens if/when people do wake up?
Maybe dershowitz killed epstein..
Internet Censorship
So Big Brother wants us to believe that we need to be constantly subjected to privacy-invading surveillance for our own good...
Who is Claire Hazel listed in the flight logs?
Epstein Conspiracies
Epstein....Would he really kill himself? He got a slap on the wrist last time!
8ch goes down a few days before Epstein gets erased.
Submit a FOIA request for information on Jeffery Epstine
I fear we will be deplatformed sooner or later.
Barr criticises 'serious irregularities' at jail where Jeffrey Epstein found dead
Mathematical Challenges to Darwin’s Theory of Evolution
Epstein being dead is a good sign not a bad one
What can we do about the Epstein thing?
Bernie Sanders 'Aces the Electability Test'. A 15th consecutive poll shows Senator Bernie Sanders Crushing Trump in the 2020 Presidential Election. Senator Sanders is the 2020 candidate viewed most favorably by Democratic voters but the Mainstream Media's conspiracy is to conceal this fact from us.
The cameras on your phone are always on. Don’t believe me, try this
It gets worse: Clinton, Obama, Jeffrey Epstein's St. Thomas Network and An Elite School
Anyone know anything about this ? Lol
Former Inmate at MCC says suicide would be "impossible":
Good ol' Billy C
(2019) Self Actualization | The Universe is a Fractal Multidimensional Living Organism, manifesting into all forms in existence. Based on the works and philosophies of Graham Hancock, Alan Watts, Bill Hicks, Robert Anton Wilson, Carl Sagan, George Carlin, David Icke and more.
The Corbett Report needs your help investigating Epstein case
Trump's DOJ, William Barr has clear conflicts of interest with Epstein. He worked for Epstein's law firm in 2008 and their fathers were close family friends. Why don't Dems care?
Not a terrible idea. Only we can keep this conversation going! Don’t let this die.
Theory: W.A.S.P. - White Anglo Saxon Protestants are Terrorists destroying White America from within.
Clever girl
[Meta] Comments on conspiracy are being "shadow" removed.
Insanity is Overpowering
If you're lost on what sources to trust in getting accurate information I highly recommend looking into Jordan Sather.
Woot woot! The truth is spreading: “It’s not [Epstein’s] dead body,” Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams said.
8/11?
Miami Herald: Epstein liked blowjobs while eating popcorn and watch Sex In The City, and plans for a baby -- Virginia Roberts Giuffre talks (YT 3 min)
Is the distraction not telling us he's dead when he's actually alive and well?
Show me the body! Epstein isn't dead. He is probably starting another island for the elite.
7 Unanswered Questions About Jeffrey Epstein’s Death
Barr: “Let me assure you that this case will continue on against anyone who was complicit with Epstein. Any co-conspirators should not rest easy.”
An Epstien protest for justice
The Magnitsky Act was created to use against Russia for Human Rights Abuses/Conditions of the prison he was housed in. We sanctioned Russia for this. Now Jeffrey Epstein has died in a rat infested NYC prison... the rest of the world needs to sanction the US.
Where are pictures from earth of the American flags and lunar lander on the moon? I heard China got close ups of the moon via satellite...whats going on with this?
Hourly reminder that Pizzagate doesn't real (note: video is pure sarcasm)
PHOTO - Epstein Suicide Note Leaked
Thoughts on Google and others purposely trying to control the narrative and restrict the flow of information?
Hourly reminder that Pizzagate doesn't real.
For the folks who are new.....here's something to think about - conspiracy theories are domestic terrorism
Epstein - Wikipedia
Wireless Carriers Helping Government Build 'Surveillance State'
Someone found this site on 4chan when they googled Epstein’s assistants email address 😅
'Irregularities' found at Jeffrey Epstein jail'; death raises 'serious questions,' Attorney General Barr says.
Why does r/bestof ban submissions from r/conspiracy?
Ministry of Truth in Action — There is no invasion, illegal crossing drops by over 90%.
Beware of misinformation with regards to the Epstein case
Looking up “Epstien” on twitter shows the misspelled version of his name first in order to show less tweets than there actually are.
Has anyone seen this yet. It’s been making its rounds on twitter but I haven’t seen it here yet.
Parents Catch FBI in Plot To Force Mentally Ill Son To Be A Right Wing Terrorist
In 2011 Timmothy Pitzen got picked up from school by his mother Amy. She took him on a road trip from which both of them never returned. To this day there’s questions if Timmothy is still alive and where he might be. This new documentary includes a timeline of all events since the disappearance.
A message to all the newcomers
Parents Catch FBI in Plot To Force Mnetally I’ll Son To Be A Right Wing Terrorist
Epstein’s Cellmate Was Transferred Out Day Before “Suicide”
Dr. Michael Baden watching over the autopsy of Jeffery Epstein
Possible way of shifting public attention?
Filthy Rich - Clinton and Epstein
Surely they're just mocking us at this point?
I'm pretty sure we know who didn't kill Epstein.
Right-wing ‘journalist’: Jeffrey Epstein’s death was a ‘sting operation’ to catch Clintons in the act of killing him
Just A Reminder that Kamala Harris is the Chosen Puppet that will be Forced through DNC and MSM Propaganda. She is Funded and Backed by Soros, Obama, and the Clintons
Jeffrey Epstein very well might have been a CIA Informer
Epstein Mainstream News
Spiderman:far from home
Body Counts Question.
Unsealed documents detail alleged Epstein victim’s recruitment at Mar-a-Lago
Bill Barr says 'serious irregularities' that are 'deeply concerning' and 'will be held accountable' occurred at MCC the night of Epstein's 'suicide' as Epstein investigation now turns to his 'co-conspirators' as the Feds pledge to 'stand for victims'
Reading all of these intense Epstein theories, my mind needed a break and I happened to stumble on this. Lol.
Andrew Yang sounds off on Epstein
Why is no-one talking about the warden of the prison where Epstein died?
According to the NYT, we should have video of Epsteins killer.
The Epstein news has tipped me over the edge. Can’t handle the reality of the actual news anymore so I figured I’d just start reporting my own. Welcome to Big News!
“The Space Race” - the original ‘Russian Collusion’ scandal
More like "right according to plan"
It's impossible to get through to a qanon supporter
The Greater conspiracy in the USA is getting rid off.....
Rattling the Nuclear Cage: India, Pakistan, Israel, Iran and the US. "Anyway the Israelis can be trusted with such vile weapons. Can’t they?"
Oh boy r/conspiracy just went mainstream, let's see how long before we get shutdown. Beginning of the end?
I just realized that Epstein’s death reminds me of when they showed Montag’s “death” on TV in Fahrenheit 451 and everyone accepted it
Why is there a real but blank article about Planet 9 as clear as day on NASA's site?
Ghislane Maxwell (closest to Epstein), needs to understand she is in a better position AFTER she has told everything she knows. She is only unsafe when she has NOT disclosed her Epstein secrets. Ghislane will be most secure when she has NO MORE SECRETS TO TELL.
Is this Epstein narrative trying to make normies feel like conspiracies theorist so in time, they'll be more accepting of an "alien invasion"?
If Euromaidan comes out in 2019 all of the Snipers will automatically be Russian Soldiers, Berkut will be a synonym for demons, and anything that debunks the atrocities caused by Berkut, Ukrainian Police and Russia will be classified as fake news.
Fake accounts commenting on Yahoo news thread regarding Trumps tweet
Regarding Dr.Michael Baden (Epstein autopsy pathologist) found this NYT old article interesting.
Just Mossad
9/11 documentaries
Jeffrey Epstein Death !? More Questions Than Answers !!
The attack on Epstein weeks ago was a dry run. They needed to see if they could get away with it.
(Serious) Knowing he could be suicided..What exactly would it take to create and activate a "Dead Mans Switch" on behalf of Jeffrey Epstein? Also Knowing he would be likely suicided would he not have done this as a "Fuck you if you kill me?"
Moon landing and the aliens
Anybody else see Epstein on the stretcher? The unfortunate FDNY Paramedic and read it as FONY (PHONEY) Paramedic. Apt.
Anybody else think this whole Epstein scandal stinks? When the msm and grandmas on Facebook start believing conspiracy theories you start to question even more.
FDNY had a busy weekend. Question - do you believe in coincidences? Lets DIG
Do we know where Ghislaine Maxwell is? Has she been arrested yet?
A website being biased or enforcing tos doesnt make it a publisher OR revoke section 230
Jeffrey Epstein Kept 'Detailed' Secret Diary as an 'Insurance Policy'
China is currently the easiest place to get organ transplant in the world. Where are all these donors coming from?
After all of the lies and deceptions, why would they start telling you the truth now?
Watch Live: Epstein’s “Suicide” Reveals Depravity And Desperation Of Elites
"two men spent about 30 minutes inside Epstein’s Upper East Side townhouse on Sunday afternoon, with one carrying out a large tote bag filled with unknown items. Neither would comment before leaving in a late-model SUV"
"Epstein was a Mossad pedophilia entrapment operation, and those 27 states who passed a law making it a felony to call for a boycott on Israel, did they pass that because all of them are being bribed, and half of them are blackmailed by the Mossad for pedophilia?" Link in text to YouTube video.
Will we ever know the truth or see the tape?
Weird Picture: Did Epstein Get a Nose Job after He Died? I am not buying the Official Story
Google is censoring/misleading when searched for r/conspiracy
What is the chain of command in a prison? Are ambulances and paramedics thoroughly cleared upon entry ?
DONT LET THIS GET TAKEN DOWN
If the Epstein death is a conspiracy to people then they are so far gone that I cannot talk to them anymore. They are out of their fucking minds.
PSA To All The New Guys
No surveillance cameras caught Jeffrey Epstein's death. How convenient.
What the hell is this website? One of the few Google results from searching contacts from Epstein's address book?
Can anyone link to the origin of the Epstein death photos? Who was first to publish them? Have they appeared on any major news outlets?
EXCLUSIVE: Former Clinton and Obama Economist and Harvard President, Larry Summers, Took Flight to Epstein's 'Orgy Island' on His Honeymoon
Taiwan urges citizens to stay on alert for China-backed media 'infiltration'
Former mobster says Bill Barr made a secret visit to jail before Epstein’s death: ‘Something’s not right there’
Honest question. Given the amount of news articles and just information there is on the Internet today. What information can you give on where you do your research? I just want to hear some suggestions to possibly include while doing my own research.
A nuked thread on 4chan with O*ama and Cl**ney has photos which leave nothing to imagination.
Trump was accused of raping a 13-year-old girl in Epstein’s residence in the summer of 1994.
Someone without clothes tries to escape from the Buckingham Palace AKA Prince Andrews home AKA The Demon Nest.
TMOR sub have been awfully quiet lately. Each day it gets harder to be rational thinker and not to be conspiracy theorist at the same time.
Are We Headed Towards An Ice Age? Valentina Zharkova The Grand Solar Minimum and Global Cooling
Dominican Republic
Entering the rabbit hole
Epstein life insurance policy..
Storm the Clinton Estate. They can’t suicide us all
Storm the Clinton Estate. They can’t suicide us all. Facebook group.
72 representatives don’t #skipthetrip, join largest-ever delegation to Israel
Epstein-Barr virus?
Zionists Verbally Abuse Jews at a Pro-Palestine Rally in London
There’s ‘no way’ Jeffrey Epstein killed himself, a former NYC jail inmate says
Protected by who exactly?
So what happens now
Do you think we went to the moon?
Consider the facts on Epstein
AI scientists continue to race towards a cliff with machine learning. They know full well that all govts and countries will eventually militarize this tech but it is an unstoppable arms race disguised as quality of life improvement for us.
Epstein met with his attorneys 12+ hours a day. How many suicidal people spend that much time working on their defense?
That time Ted Gunderson Asked Bill Barr &amp; Bob Mueller to Look into FBI Obstruction Involving Child Trafficking/Abduction Rings and nothing happened
In the lead up to a possible "Internet Censorship Executive Order" that I posted about previously, Trump leads with a distraction. An attempt to ban most legal immigration and cause an immigration debate. The classic feint to haymaker.
Epstein might’ve killed himself to get the public to act against the rich and powerful.
This is a key example of how language can be used to manipulate perspective. A blatant lie that should be called out by the media is spun into some sort of accidental slip. He lied to gain emotional points plain and simple
There Are 'Thousands And Thousands' Of Other Documents On Jeffrey Epstein Case: Journalist - “There is so much information in those documents, and we have thousands and thousands of more documents that are probably going to be released”
Former mobster says "Bill Barr made a secret visit to jail before Epstein’s death"
Guess who the guy overseeing Epstein's autopsy is
Jeffrey Epstein RIP, by Philip Giraldi
1984 IRL - Reporter gets feed cut mid-stream when discussing Epstein cover-up
Chester Bennington's sister suggests he was suicided by the Clintons
Thank you, mainstream media.
Why are Jewish people / Israel people are so much involved in different theories of conspiracy? (like 9/11, Epstein and so on)
Looks like the Clintons and others are paying shills to make us think Jeffrey Epstein was broken out of prison?
Hong Kong Protest Leaders Joshua Wong and Nathan Law meet with Julie Eadeh, political unit chief of the US Consulate General
new to this sub
75% of the first few pics for Epstein Clinton give you Epstein trump
Is Susan Bro, Mother of Heather Heyer ( Charlottesville 'victim' ) and Sandy Hook Parent Donna Soto the same person?
Joe Biden as well as many others wants to make 2020 about banning weapons and infringing on the second amendment. They are still trying to change the narrative from get the pedos out to gun control. Keep raising awareness
First post... found this interesting twitter image about the Epstein “suicide.”
Trump retweeting Epstein Conspiracies
Russia did apparently have some sort of nuclear meltdown or something this past week.
Trump was accused of raping a 13-year-old girl in Epstein’s residence in the summer of 1994.
Hong Kong protestors have moved into an airport increasing their impact and the threat that mainland China will use more force to break up the protests.
Serious question: was epstein really taken off suicide watch?
How North Korea (Allegedly) Robbed $1 Billion From Bangladesh?
Center-right political views and like watching anime? -&gt; You'll love John Oliver. Gotta push those corporations, amirite Youtube?
Unredacted Black Book
Couldn't suicide still be murder?
CIA Heralds the New World Order with 1990's "The Freshman" - Please give this a look for me. This story means a lot personally and it tells the story of our time. So much can be learned. I'm here all day too - PLEASE AMA! (Let's work!!)
Magnitsky Act should apply to Prince Andrew?
New Zealand gun buyback: 10,000 firearms returned after Christchurch attack
Trump rape corroborated
Trump wants Tlaib, Omar banned from Israel
Any correlation between the FBI calling “conspiracy theories are a new domestic terrorism threat” and the new surge of followers after JE death
Ada Cops Wisely Invest In Military Spec. Mine Resistant Ambush Protected All-Terrain Vehicle. COULD YOU TELL ME WHY THEY NEED THIS?
Article on pocketnet talking about the relevance of the dentist chair in one of Epsteins mansions.... you can't make that up.
How do I convince my friend to stop believing in the conspiracy that a man once went to hell and took a video of his time there .
Someone sent me this pic about the girl who lost her right eye in Tsim Sha Tsui. #HkDeathMaidan
Bourdain Might Have Been Killed, To Serve As Epstein's Body Double (You Tell Me) - Need Better Bourdain Picture
Epstein Red Flags?
Freaky...Jeffrey Epstein died on 66.6 years old to the day. To the day. These dark waters are running very deep.
How would you describe the Epstein situation to someone who has no idea who he is, or what has happened?
A detailed look at who Jeffrey Epstein was, his crimes and those alleged to be complicit, and the circumstances surrounding his death.
OPUS 170 Epstein's Parodoxical Death?
Prison Guards Skipped Mandatory Checks Before Epstein Death
#epsteinbodydouble
Apologies
The real reason behind pot state level legalization.
It's becoming incredibly hard to to believe what we are being told about epstein
Epstein dedicated post?
List of Clinton Associates who died mysteriously
Jeffery Epstein was MURDERED!!!
Paradoxical intention
A light hearted post to balance it out
Is Reddit Conspiracy on the censorship chopping block after the next false flag?
So umm nothing happened yesterday
Live report on Epstein cut off "The truth is at it's core..."
So everyone’s going to ignore that nothing happened on 8/11?
Is Epstein's alleged suicide a distraction from the El Paso and Dayton mass murders?
Everyone’s A Conspiracy Theorist, Whether They Know It Or Not. Caitlin Johnstone on the NBC stenographer calling himself a journalist, and is also a known CIA asset. Ken Dilanian of NBC.
8chan?
Is anyone else suspicious of how literally every news agency and all of the “believe the official story no matter what” people jumped on the “JE was killed/suicided” bandwagon?
Travelling through europe
It’s so very interesting to think if Epstein was in a Russian jail,and died under very suspicious circumstances,all of the western media would say he was killed to stop information from getting out.
Apparently people are upset over Epstein being a Jew now?
I know it’s morbid but there should be video proof of his suicide on his cell...
Jeffrey Epstein's death, saved his net worth of $500 million from criminal or civil lawsuits
Australian news show "The Project" drops broadcast on Epstein segment immediately after talking about Hilary
WSJ - Wealth of Jeffrey Epstein’s Brother Is Also a Mystery
ॐ AmbiSonic Music For Astral Projections | Healing Frequency Tones ✚ Epsilon &amp; Delta Waves | 8D Audio
I think we gained over 20k new subscribers over the last 2 days.
I was caught up in my partisan beliefs and didn’t really give a lot of thought to conspiracy theories. I’m fucking awake now. All the weird shit surrounding Jeffrey Epstein’s death: taken off suicide watch after a suicide attempt, camera malfunctioned, taken to a hospital unconscious...
General Electric Building (NYC)
Unable to access snopes Clinton body bag page?
Epstein cellmate removed hours before alleged suicide.
Australian News show gets cut off whilst talking about Jeffrey Epstein and the relation to the Clintons and other high ranking connections
Hong Kong Protest Leaders Joshua Wong and Nathan Law meet with Julie Eadeh, political unit chief of the US Consulate General
In 2011 Timmothy Pitzen got picked up from school by his mother Amy. She took him on a road trip from which both of them never returned. To this day there’s questions if Timmothy is still alive and where he might be. This new documentary includes a timeline of all events since the disappearance.
Do you really believe the official story? I have some thoughts.
Fukushima melt down, and the silence of the world
I was looking for a conspiracy subreddit. Google vs Bing. WTFF?
How many of you think the Hong Kong situation is a result of the Trump administration or CIA?
Epstein related interview cut on air. Download and share.
Hmm...
Found this on 4chan but we already knew Alex Jones was controlled opposition
In China, one of the first things they took away was freedom of speech, otherwise EVERY CITY would be protesting like Hong Kong to human rights violations
A warning from 12 months ago that stuck with me
Does this whole Epstein case also involve those producers from Nickelodeon?
The next shoe to drop on Epstein: the mainstream media dropping the story within a week, having answered satisfactorily none of the questions his death raises.
A Theory of the Genetic Makeup of the Ruling Cabal
Is this Epstein’s dead mans switch?
When the BBC publishes shit like this like he wasn’t associated with Conspiracy theories until now....
Epstein’s last page in the black book, sickening
Dr. Michael Baden to oversee Epstein autopsy...
With all this talk of redpill moments let's not forget the Las Vegas Shooting a couple years back. That was definitely mine.
Wait a minute did SukiHana the Instagram Female Rapper Say that???
University of Texas – Tether is used to provide price support and manipulate Bitcoin price.
This tweet didn't age well
Bryan Crusius and John of God
Biden Is Doubling Down on Iraq War Lies
The Attack of the Trolls isn't limited only to r/conspiracy. The shitguilding in r/btc is ~4x+ the entire rest of Reddit.
IMPORTANT READERSHIP GRASPS NEW BIBLE
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. Jim Rohn
Second working link to unredacted Jeffrey Epstein black book.
About the Al-Aqsa thing
Remembering USS Liberty: When Israel attacked America in June 1967
Speaking of Government Cover up: Marc_Dutroux
Remember Epsteins death might bring titans to fall. If you want to prepare for them shutting this down follow the Instructions, we are waiting.
all will burn
Young BOI reveals BATBOY-esque TRUTHS about non-fictional beforetimes of floods and numerology &amp; Minoan archiecture (DOLPHiNS)
First working link to unredacted Jeffrey Epstein black book. I’ll post the second link immediately after.
Who killed Jeffery Epstein?
What do you think of Dr. Steven Greer now? Taking into account his latest work like ‘Unacknowledged’ and his latest videos and interviews on YouTube and Gaia?
First working link to Jeffrey Epstein unredacted black book. I’ll post the second link straight after this.
[WARNING: GRAPHIC] Jeffrey Epstein was deceased days prior to the announcement of his 'suicide': Here's An Analysis about Postmortem
Finally someone has built a map with red lines. Source: Danielle Peterson.
Epstein isn't dead!!
EPSTEIN ISN'T DEAD!
Two working links to unredacted Jeffrey Epstein black book
Epsteins Medical Examiner
The reality muscle is extremely flexible.
Hmm...
Why do the rich and powerful exploit children?
As expected
Two working links for Jeffrey Epstein unredacted black book
Scarborough compares Epstein's demise to Russian assassination
Did this prophetic billboard re-write Epstein's future? Between Tarantino's re-written fictional history in his movie and Sabo's addition of Epstein, polanski, and Pedowood it would appear that the links in Hollywood are far more disturbing with an ending even Epstein may have been surprised by.
The chilling and blatant truths of Kamala Harris' oppressive truancy laws
Please prove me to bob lazar is lying
With all of this Clinton body count and Trump body count talk going around, what deaths could lead back to the Clintons or Trump in very convenient for them ways? What deaths could be associated with the Bush family? British Royal family?
Epstein in witness protection?
92 pages from Epstein’s little black book that contain some surprises! Epstein may be dead, but we may still be able to pick up the pieces and see some justice for those mentioned in this book...
So nobody is talking about how Epstein won the lotto while in prison?
The Attack of the Trolls isn't limited only to r/conspiracy. The shitguilding in r/btc is ~4x+ the entire rest of Reddit.
Reddit Front Page without censorship
In light of the Epstein incident, let us all remember this Roger Stone quote
I think that the government might encourage "conspiracy theories" to distract people from power.
Is there a non-conspiracy way to explain this?
Epstein IS the distraction and the mass programmed bots are all falling for it
New docuseries The Family on Netflix was made for this sub "The most powerful man in DC you've never heard of"
Epstein won the lottery
8/11 was misinformation to discredit The conspiracy community and conspiracy theorist’s.
VR, Epstine Doc - Interesting Info Found
Law of Attraction – Cooperative Reality
Dozens of Flights Delayed at Israel's Ben Gurion Airport After Baggage System Crash - 80,000 affected
Dozens of Flights Delayed at Israel's Ben Gurion Airport After Baggage System Crash - 80,000 stranded
Hi Aryans I am the Big Tyme Guy ready for another mixtape of knowledge 2 drop on ya' ...
ALEX JONES WAS RIGHT ABOUT EVERYTHING.
What do you do with your information?
8/11 was BS, as expected.
The Case for Individual Divinity II
Epstein's Autopsy Results Delayed "Pending Further Information"
Al Aqsa????
The Soul
Jeffrey Epstein is now safe and sound in the witness protection program and will live out his life under a new identity.
Anon found a REALLY weird website with pedophiles,satanists and other f'd up stuff.Probably leaks.
The Absolute
The Absolute
20minutes to midnight and the Golden Gate Bridge is still up
Jeffrey Epstein never was even arrested or spent a single day behind bars.
Jeffrey Epstein's supposed cellmate, Dzokhar Tsarnaev, says Epstein never even made it to jail to begin with.
The only option for gun control I can think of.
Will the FBI try to pin Epstein’s murder on people in the Trump administration, setting off another 2 years of phony investigations.
"{Fidel}Castro confesses to Jesuit ethics while eschewing religious belief" , The Irish Times, January 20th 1998
trump has way more resources than the clintons to pull off an epstein suicide, but i do believe clinton was involved with epstein island.
World War III and Civil War 2020: The real threat
Truth of Jeffrey Epstein's Death
The First Feeling from Epstein Death
Epstein's unredacted black book was leaked on 4chan - includes emails, phone numbers and addresses for every contact.
Secret government plan to wake the sheep
Am I schizophrenic or does Zach Hample (the baseball YouTube guy) have Jeffery Epstein on his wall...
Haven't seen this here yet, but this is really important and on the top of r/all right now
5 years ago today was the death of Robin Williams. RIP. I still don't Believe it was a suicide.
Something is happening to 4chan after the death of Epstein.
My partial summaries of the leaked docs (live doc)
Still trying to deflect and divide, politicians bring up "Michael Browns Murder"
An underage girl with pizza 🤔
Really interesting, R.I.P jeff eps :(
Chinese vessel in MH370 search "spent most of its time spying on the Australian military"
Report: Barr secretly visited Epstein in jail
Does Kevin Spacey get to walk free because he’s got dirt on the Secret Services?
#EpsteinSuicideCoverUp was just pulled from Twitters trending page suddenly despite being at the top for over 24 hours
The LGBTQ movement spreads because the abuse cycle.
Heroes of the Earth: Ted Hall and Klaus Fuchs, Los Alamos atomic bomb scientists who shared atomic secrets with the Soviet Union so that World War 3 could be prevented -- Great, enlightening article by Dave Lindorff at CounterPunch.org
EPSTEIN SUICIDE DETAILS | GUARDS
The Jesuit ties to armaments maker Lockheed Martin
Okay isn’t it the exact opposite though? Epstein needs to be looked into. I think it’s beneficial for trump to bring attention to it.
As American athletes kneeled for our national anthem in the Pan American games, Hong Kong protestors risked their lives to wave our flag and sing our national anthem in their struggle for freedom.
Epstein's unredacted black book - was this part of the unsealed documents?
8/11
The Trump-Russia conspiracy theory collapses. Within weeks: a number of mass shootings, FBI labelling conspiracy theorists domestic terrorists, and potentially the most important witness in the history of the elite's crimes dies. And the corporate elite want to complain about conspiracy theories?
What will happen if I stand outside an oncology center and hand out butter apricot seeds in order to protest oncology?
Who wanted Jeffrey Epstein dead? - World Socialist Web Site
We Are Being Misled..Whilst The Real Villains Sneak Right Under Our Noses...
Jesuit Joseph Fichter, S.J. Praises CIA Cult leader Sun Myung Moon!--"Marriage, Family and Sun Myung Moon", Joseph Fichter, S.J. America Magazine, October 27, 1979
Interesting Read Considering the Timing of "The Family" and Epstein
Let the games begin...
List of people in Epstein's black book
If you were a whistleblower/had good info you wanted to get out, where would you go?
Jeffrey Epstein’s guards were working extreme OT shifts. The Excuses Keep Coming.
WE ARE BEING BAITED AND TARGETING THE WRONG PEOPLE. WHILST THE REAL VILLAINS SNEAK RIGHT BY UNDER OUR NOSES..
Fiona Barnett, victim of high profile Australian pedophile ring, has released a free digital version of new book, released 5 days ago (7/08/2019). It details as yet unknown aspects of ritual abuse in Aus. She has asked that it be distributed as widely as possible. A copy can be can be obtained here
White House proposal would have FCC and FTC police alleged social media censorship
How I think it all fits together.
The Infamous Epstein Gurney Photo. A few questions I’m not sure of.
If you are looking for a place to archive images and videos, checkout LBRY
Utopia is a great show.
Blind Item from the hmmm (Crazy Days and Nights)
As a new "followers" of this conspiracy sub, can someone help me to get a better understanding of how to read in to sources?
China begins military invasion of Hong Kong (raw video)…
Ghislaine Maxwell can apparently pilot a submarine, and a helicopter and is a qualified ROV(Remotely operated vehicle)
The Mysterious Death of Vince Foster
8/11 - Status Update? Did anything big down?
Since When Is Arabic An Official Canadian Language ?!
Fiona Barnett, victim of high profile Australian pedophile ring, has released a free digital version of new book, released 5 days ago (7/08/2019). It details as yet unknown aspects of ritual abuse in Aus. She has asked that it be distributed as widely as possible. A copy can be can be obtained here
I've always thought mass shootings were apart of some kind of governmental agenda. And well this makes me think it even more...
My friend sent me the uncensored version of Epstein’s black book, is it legit?
Mega Group, Maxwells and Mossad: The Spy Story at the Heart of the Jeffrey Epstein Scandal
Far more plausible
Possible Epstein distraction incoming.
Qanon
FBI and Russiagate truthers are dangers to democracy
Stay focused guys.
A few hours ago, Wikipedia listed Epstein's madam's death date as August 18, 2019
It was testified to that when Trump accepted a dinner invite to the Epstein mansion, he would only eat in the kitchen with the staff.
If Epstein rolled with that man powerful people and worked that hard simply to have sex with underaged girls, why didn’t they just change the age of consent to 16 (which is common in many developed nations)?
Is there something bigger going on? Something we dont know about?
If r/conspiracy gets shut down, what are some good options for these discussions?
Jeffrey Epstein Autopsy Result: More Info Needed - LIVE BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE
Es verdad
Intelligence Insider Says Hillary Also went to Sex Felon Jeff Epstein’s “Pedophile Island”
Mind control
Jeffrey Epstein claimed someone tried to kill him before he died
Is 4chan down for anyone else?
4chan user posts 10 minutes before public knowledge of Epstein suicide – possible body switch
They just took 4chan down
The CIA ran experimental brothels in at least one US city during the Cold War
A shot in the dark!
Ellesmere Island Find- Is it an old work camp? Army ex. ended in cannabilism, is it them?
The same FBI that falsely accused Trump of being a secret Russian agent says conspiracy theories cause domestic terrorism. Russiagate truthers have committed mass shootings in two states already, Virginia and Ohio. Will the FBI investigate themselves?
Beyond conspiracy
Double standards?
Gov. Bill Richardson was named in Epstein files released on Friday. What theories explain motive...was Gov a target, willing participant, or something else.
Private Pathologist assigned by Epstein reps, was expert witness in O.J. case
News websites are shitty and filled with ads to keep people uninformed.
Russian Conspiracy Theory
Why do Trump supporters also think Epstein’s death was a hit?
UM, What is happening here? I can’t tell if it’s a Man or a Boy, either way it’s pretty weird.
Pizzagate info graphic
Black Men Built Great Wall of China?
Reading over the flight logs for the first time and two names stand out to me
"Diaspora pedophiles increasingly use Israel as ‘a haven,’ activists charge" -TimesOfIsrael
Is Reddit censoring posts related to Epstein on the Popular posts page? All that's showing is shitposts now
They’re conditioning us to live inside. A country under house arrest.
what’s the deal w/ this epstein situation??? did his conspirators really have him assassinated?
MSNBC says Epstein Conspiracy Linked to Russian Bots!
Pt. 1 - NEW CLUES - The Zodiac Killer - 'Any which way exit out ' 'Park Ranger'
When will the American people finally get fed up ?
Trump *Again* Pushes Epstein Out of the Headlines
[Meta] Before you post your "Is Epstein still alive?" thread, here's a dozen plus other threads about the same thing.
Probably the best shirt I've ever seen!
Anybody know the name of the new documentary that just came out on Netflix about the White House?
It's 08/11/2019, One day after Epstein died and I have seen NO news
How many layers of this sex trafficking business will go unsolved because Epstein is now dead?
Epstein body photo was scrubbed.
Jeffrey Epstein's sex trafficking ring was inspired by the 1975 novel "Space Relations" by Donald Barr, which was written while Donald worked alongside Jeffrey at a private school in the 1970's.
Does anyone have the picture of what corporations/billionaires own which mainstream media?
So... is this 8/11 thing gonna happen or no?
Epstein's autopsy: "Attempts to reach Dr. Baden, the city’s former chief medical examiner and a deputy chief medical examiner for Suffolk County, were not successful Sunday night. It was not immediately clear who he was working for at the time of the autopsy." Look at this guys history.
Leslie Wexner's grandfather was one of the founders of the State of Israel
Military violent seizure of power by the Russian government. They're sending every type of police / army forces they have to Moscow to protect Putin from peaceful citizens, that are asking to give them voting rights.
The Long Island Serial Killer (LISK) &amp; the Epstein Situation
Epstein is not dead. He is a MOSSAD agent along with his handler Ghislaine Maxwell. Get the deets
What if Epstein is NOT dead?
Judge says libel suit against NPR can move forward in Seth Rich DNC emails case
“Gods Chosen People” Zionism exposed.
Is there any proof of the Epstein flight logs?
Back again
Just going to leave this here
the talking cat is talking about Jeffrey Epstein
The media is hiding Epstein's death
Don't Forget That Randy Quaid Fled The Country And Exposed A Cult Of "Hollywood Hitman"
[Resource] Easy to share image (re: Epstein) for use where ever red-pilling is happening
August 11th has come and almost gone.
9-11 / Lehman Brothers / Donald Trump / Jeffrey Epstein
Google tapping into my phone mic?
YouTube’s Conspiracy Theory Crackdown Has One Big Winner: Fox News
Post about Kelly Anne Conway and Epstein pilot meeting on December 28, 2016 taken down in r/Politics
List of people in Epstein's blackbook
Freedom of information act : request the video footage of epsteins death / officer response if no direct camera footage of his cell is available.
Murders connected to the Clinton's
EPSTEIN IS A DISTRACTION. You are all contributing to the ficade, weather you are unaware or not. This sub has obviously been infiltrated and is now being used to manipulate its power to influence the second guessers, free thinkers and people that typically aren’t susceptible to manipulation
Whats the best Coast to Coast AM style show I can hear?
1,000 knife crime victims in London each month, shocking new figures show
A Reminder Of How Far Up It Goes
🤷‍♂️
Censorship on Reddit pertaining to human trafficking. Maybe not a conspiracy, but this post is strange to say the least. 4 years ago in Reddit history.
The pathologist hired to observe Epstein's autopsy is known for testifying in the OJ Simpson case and investigating the JFK and MLK assassinations
Maniacal...
Jeffrey Epstein Too Big To Fail parts 1-3, 4 coming soon
Murders that are connected to the Clinton's
Epstein autopsy performed. Still pending information for final determination. Private pathologist hired to observe the autopsy. Now they are saying the C.Os were working overtime. They must have been tired. BS.
Let’s talk Mandela effects
It is important to use for success
Nice Reminder Of How Far Up It Goes
US-centric
What is Predictive Programming? Here's 1 hour of examples predicting 9/11 in the media years before the date.
Glad the general population is waking up! I am surprised this is up at number 5 in the US on Twitter still.
"I was told Epstein 'belonged to intelligence' and to leave it alone,"
Glad the gen pop is waking up! Surprised Twitter has left this trending at number 6 in the US!
Not sure what they meant by this...
Hmmm...
No matter what they say about Epstein we can all on agree on two things
Looking for dedicated researchers and Epstein information
Epstein damage control
The CIA employed around forty journalists that acted undercover as agents in 1973.
Rockefeller medicine. The corruption of the medical industry by the Rockefeller foundation.
Hong Kong Police further abused power in this weekend's protests
Trumps tweet about Epstein being murdered by Clinton’s:
What if the bridge does go down?..
I got to say this. I’ve been posting on this sub for several years (SN is relatively new, just cause I change my shit over a lot) and you shills aren’t even trying anymore.
Trump supposed "censor the internet" executive order gets leaked. Could be the big August 11 prediction.
FBI Release Image Of 'Person Of Interest' Wanted For Questioning Over Jeffrey Epstein's Death (Satire)
True Detective Season 1 was right about everything
No the bridge is not coming down
Fuck all of you who started the golden gate bridge bullshit
Epstein Autopsy Delayed "Pending Further Investigations", meaning they probably found evidence of murder like a poison in his system, but they have to investigate if anyone entered his prison cell.
What is really going on?
The whole world under globalist attack, are their any countrys that arnt, hong kong, eruope, america, this shit is world wide, watch this video and share we can end this peacefully!
Autopsy Complete, Cause of Death ‘Pending Further Information’ -- What does this mean?
How come all these pedophiles are linked to Royal Families?
Undercover corporate advertising on Reddit
Made Account To Post This. Will Not Be Responding to Comments.
So, what is with /r/Qult_Headquarters deleting the last 3 days worth of posts?
RIP Epstein
A great 2 part meta documentary everyone should watch in light of Epstein’s alleged suicide.
Zeitgeist: The Move - Sunday night viewing: If you have not watched this documentary, make time for it.
The Iron Triangle, also known as the military-industrial-congressional complex. Illuminati vibes?
Anyone ever heard of a prominent 33rd degree Scottish Rite mason by the name of Richard J. Stephenson?
A word of caution about investigating child trafficking in light of recent events
What the hell is going on in this photo? Reverse image gives no results.
Epstein and Internet Censorship
I’m positive now that PIZZAGATE is fucking real and they silenced Alex Jones for the truth.
I am encouraged that stuff like this is showing up outside of r/Conspiracy
Shaking things up in the r/conspiracy world
Why not goats!
What has got me fucked up is this was TO obvious for the elite. They are insidious and this happened waaay to quickly
What has got me fucked up is this was TO obvious for the elite. They are insidious and this happened waaay to quickly
Still no official cause of death for Epstein
Epstein IS the distraction.. And all of you are falling for it
A little over a week ago it was revealed that the FBI was putting 'fringe conspiracy theorists' on a watch-list as potential terrorist threats.
Cause of death still pending.
What does Jeffrey Epstein sound like?
Why do world leaders have to be Lizards
What do you think about this ? Epstein
An analysis of the Jeffrey Epstein conviction and death.
It's NOT politics, but here is why it IS still about politics for lots involved.
The Epstein shit is boring as all of us here have known all this for years. What are things we all should know what’s going on right now?
The World Ended in 2012 and we are living in a Simulation
Don't get distracted
We need a megathread
Epstein Autopsy complete, Examiners await "further information" before ruling on his death
Side by side comparison of Epstein alive and dead.
My Cousin Nancy
With Jeffrey Epstein Dead, will Julian Assange, massive enemy of the Elite for leaking their information, be safe? If the most Important Prisoner dead in a Maximum Security Prison, Assange is an Easy Target.
#EpsteinSuicideCoverUp is #4 trending on Twitter today.
For a split second when my BaconReader app loaded this sub it said “Subreddit does not exist.”
Is the Clinton Body Count really just some crazy conspiracy theory?
Epstein Psy Op Fully Exposed: Jeff Censored
FBI: More People Killed by Hammers, Clubs than with Rifles of Any Kind
Deleted AOC (VIDEO) oversight comity K-Street corruption
Fuck/Marry/Kill
Epstein’s Death Has a Simpler Explanation
Democratic uprisings in Hong Kong and Russia
Leaked Draft of Trump Executive Order to 'Censor the Internet' Denounced as Dangerous, Unconstitutional Edict
Can anyone explain how Epstein worked as a physics and math teacher at a prestigious private school with no college degree? Also, how did he accomplish his meteoric rise on Wall Steet with no degree?
Was he switched out?
Epstein black book unredacted
Before Jail Suicide, Jeffrey Epstein Was Left Alone and Not Closely Monitored
Has anyone noticed what is happening with adverts?
Looking forward to the book/movie about Jeffrey Epstein. Anyone else?
Epstein Autopsy Completed, Determination Still Pending: ME
What the CCTVs would have seen
ShareBlue.com has no mention of Epstein's suicide, but mentions Trump instead
Im wondering if Russian had anything to do with epsitne
POSSIBLY significant, random post where OP explains that they had a dream of people jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge two nights ago. Just in case anyone believes in dream predictions...
Proven conspiracies: In light of Epsteins's 'suicide' here is another high profile 'Suicide'. Gary Webb. Found Dead with two bullet holes in his head. (For all the newly recent active users)
Yesterday i posted in here saying a Event was suppose to happen today , and a Shooting in norway happens
Epstein’s Death... Might as well...
Precrime: Conspiracy Theorist Crackdown - FBI now seeking contracts to monitor citizens Facebook posts in real time.
Goats are better
How naïve do you have to be to believe the Clintons are innocent?
Royal Bloodline Descendant?
For the Sake of People Who Give a DAMN.. Who are the Trusted Journalists on Epstein?
False reports of mass shootings at shopping malls at the same time in both Houston, TX and Phoenix, AZ. Coincidence or shifting focus once again?
Epstein isn’t human, apparently,
Meet Andrzej Lepper
Our pal Rusty Shackleford was on the prowl last night with his drone. What do you see?
Peace in our lifetime
Does anyone have the link to see the news reporter reporting the Ohio shooting before it happened?
Best YouTube channels on satanic child abuse? Snuff films?
Spent a few hours going through this sub and looking into the Epstein happenings and then I get this. Is this routine or has anyone else experienced this?
The main stream news is trying to openly discredit conspiracy theorist's, following the Epstein case.
Do you think that if Epstein’s assistant turns up dead, that would convince even more people it’s a cover up?
Genealogical relationships of Presidents of the United States
Flower Symbolism
Jeffrey Epstein is dead. Maybe. Let the victims continue to talk.
Showthought sums it up simply
On World Metrology Day 2019, the kilogram was fundamentally redefined. In the future, mass will no longer be mass as tangibly defined throughout history. A select group with access to sophisticated equipment will tweak the number that now defines mass as they see fit.
Expect another Bill Cosby/RKelly style MeToo story to come out to cover up this Jeffrey Epstein murder
To the madmen investigating the Epstein death...
They are trying to explain that extra money that hit those Prison guards, in Jeffrey Epstein's unit, bank accounts from offshore banks 😂
Clinton involvement
UPDATED: The list of Clinton Associates who died mysteriously or committed suicide, often before testimony
“Epstein’s status was changed for reasons that remain unknown” 😂 “Suicide watch may not be terminated under any circumstances” HE WAS SUPPOSED TO BE IN A SPECIAL BARE-BONES CELL outfitted in a TEAR RESISTANT ONE PIECE SMOCK, receiving stepping up observation too” KILLARY’S INFLUENCE RUNS DEEP!!!!
r/politics is naïve as fucc
PSA: With the current events, let's start to actually push for change. If someone reveals they have information about corruption but are unwilling to name names, call them out on it. Put up or shut up.
No one has mentioned Epstein’s links to the Mossad or Mega Group yet.
The recent mass shootings were not fake, don’t let these planted conspiracies discredit real conspiracies.
A man with that much money wouldn't kill himself
Oregon Pediatrician Explains How Much Money Pediatricians Make on Vaccines
Has this been posted yet?
Do not let them divide us on this!
Oregon Pediatrician Explains How Much Money Pediatricians Make on Vaccines
PLEASE HELP BRINGING ALEXANDER AND LUNA JOHNSON TO COURT. JUSTICE NEEDS TO BE SERVED!
More followers?!
If walking dead started killing and eating everyone society would think "Apocalypse". Why do people randomly deciding to grab a gun and kill mass amounts of people not evoke the same response
It’s not a productive discussion if you are pointing out a huge flaw in their favorite horse.
Protocols Not Followed re: Epstein Suicide
Parenti on conspiracies
State Dept. updates ‘anti-Semitism’ definition following Omar’s anti-Israel resolution. I wonder why no other country has the US government conduct its censorship for it.
WE WILL NOT BE DIVIDED ON THIS!
Anyone think it’s weird that now nobody is talking about Epstein today 🧐🧐🧐
Breaking: No video of Jeffrey Epstein’s apparent "suicide", Nypost sources says
Death of Epstein
The Tongue and Quill: The US Air-Force guide to discernment.
Red Pill News - Epstein "Suicide" Or Exfil?
The Fine People Hoax
NY mafioso says Epstein could have paid for an assisted suicide
Pizzagate is over now right? Epstein’s death has nothing to do with that...
Source: Epstein cell was not monitored the night of his apparent suicide
I was visited by aliens as a adolescent...
Another damn Epstein theory: Dark forces have kidnapped him so they can torture him to death
RT just leaked this image of a "suspicious" man seen leaving the prison at the time of Epsteins death
“Black Wall Street” was a prospering African-American neighborhood In Tulsa, Oklahoma, that went up in flames almost one hundred years ago.
What happens to Epstein’s money now?
In the released photo of dead Epstein on a stretcher, his head is apparently, roughly, between 148% and 190% as big as a normal human skull. This is questionably large, as the typical largest human skull is only 128% as big as the typical smallest skull.
The wealthiest family in the world makes $4 million per hour
4chan is making up fake conspiracies to test how gullible you people are
Jeffery Epstein has been seen alive and well in Tel Aviv
How to Manufacture a Mass Shooter.
Epstein was allowed to commit suicide, that is the conspiracy
Jer-USA-lem??? In an article titled "The most calamitous Jewish day The Ninth Day of Av", this Israeli author has Chosen to manipulate his text -- Bolding the letters "USA" each time he wrote the word "Jerusalem" (JerUSAlem). Why would he do that?
HOLY SHIT REDDIT IT HAPPENED!!!!
Shooting conveniently happening after Epstein's suicide.
The cognitive dissonance at work here is astounding.
Why Wal-Mart's online presence is losing money
How long until they shut this place down? We are so dangerous that the FBI labels us now as terrorist!
Judge Allows Libel Suit Against NPR Related to Seth Rich Case to Proceed - The Murdered IT Operative Linked to DNC and Clinton Campaign
Is Trump a Deep-State Actor Gone Rogue?
A list of Clinton associates who mysteriously died.
Just saw this movie yesterday in light of the whole Epstein event, brilliant last film made by Kubrick, multi-layered so pay attention to details !
Report: Epstein was left alone Saturday night after his cellmate was transferred - Jail broke protocols - Huffington Post via New York Times
How long until they shut this place down? We are too dangerous. The FBI labels us now terrorist!
This document is proof that the oil industry knew the dangers of pumping CO2 into the atmosphere as early as 1980. Despite this they have instead opted to lead misinformation campaigns against the public.
Accused Sex Trafficker Steered $100K Payday to Bannon - Emails show that the indicted operative George Nader and the one-time White House strategist Steve Bannon had a closer connection than previously understood.
Jeffrey Epstein real cause of death.
BBC are now the though police, if you question the official narrative of Epstein you are a dangerous conspiracy theorist.
The Truth Is This Animal and Cross Breading has been taking place for a while. And even animes in the past have pointed this out! But it is part of the plan.
Alex Grey: Visionary Artist or Psychic Vampire
On Marxism in America, the Communist China Threat, Unconventional Warfare &amp; Hong Kong—Joshua Philipp
Pizza gate
Now that your listening, watch "Eyes Wide Shut" again
My twitter account after browsing #EpsteinSuicideCoverUp
What if Epstein was switched out after his first “suicide attempt”
Epstein should have been the most protected inmate in the history of protective custody. Especially after one prior attempt on taking his life.
Prince Andrew spotted attending church Sunday in first appearance after Epstein "Suicide". I posted yesterday I believe we should be looking more into the BRF and this really seals it for me that they're probably involved in the "suicide". The going to church appearance is an overused PR tool.
The Seeker Archetype: The Path of the Brave Wanderer
Epstein "suicide note" allegedly released
Never really been big on conspiracies, but this is just ridiculous
Here We Go..
"What was Jeffery Epstein's favorite pasta?"
Mentions of Jeffrey Epstein in r/conspiracy since 2016 [OC]
Repeat after me: America is run by a shadow govermnment, America is run by a shadow government, America is run by a shadow government
🤔
A. G Barr- Epstein death to be investigated, spooks the Clintons
So Epstein is dead and lots of people just got red-pilled, now what? Nothing will change, nobody will go to prison, and tptb will keep on getting away with it. None of it matters.
Somebody ought to warn those girls about that FBI Epstein tip line. The billionaire star witness was probably just assassinated in federal custody.
Epstein was never going to be allowed to testify or incriminate anyone else. Scary what money and power can do.
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed. We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
/r/PedoGate passes 8,000 subscribers
Epstein was not killed by the Clintons or the deep state.
They want to control the internet, the greatest free space.
Jeffrey Epstein Autopsy Results Expected Today - LIVE COVERAGE
It's already happening?
These are simply coincidences, I swear. Just keep scrolling.
Prophecy made months ago on this sub has become real and comes at a convenient time
08.10 will, for Wikipedia, be forever known as "the Battle of Suicide watch"
Lol
Rush our in San Francisco 5-7 pm do you think this is when it could happen today?
Big IQ meme
How and with what did Jeffrey Epstein hang himself in a MAXIMUM SECURITY prison ?
Elitist Properties
Cordial Interview with "Insane Anti-Trump Protester who went Berserk on Steven Crowder" Shares Trump-Epstein-Putin/Russia Connection Conspiracy Theory
serious question
No, you can no longer trust photos or videos [Rise of the All-Digital Actor]
Is it just me or is reddit only advertising and allowing degrading trump subs? Are we not to support or president as well?
I'm furious about the Jeffery Esptein suicide.
Epstein black book redacted link
65 yr Old Mosque Worshipper Takes Down 21 yr Old With 3 Guns. Too Simple?
Banned from conspiracytheories and muted by the mods
8/11 Al Asqa Mosque prediction coming true?
[meta] i know its not remotely the point, but its "hanged", not "hung"
Epstein theory.....Ramstein Air Base
The big Vermintide 2 conspiracy
Attempted bombing suspect Groomed by FBI
Which articles should I read about Epstein's "suicide"?
The (Epstein) Family
Cordial Interview with "Insane Anti-Trump Protester who went Berserk on Steven Crowder" on the Epstein-Trump-Putin Connection
8/11 Al-Asqu Mosque prediction coming true?
Not even the radical left believes Epstein's demise was an accident
Why the idea of "Jewish privilege" is an absurd conspiracy theory
This man looks just like Jeffrey Epstein, has the same name and the same voice. They gave his identity to the sex offender and put him in prison and killed him so the sex offender Epstein could go free while stealing his identity.
Jeffrey Epstein possibly alive and escaped?
Elite child sex cult questions, posted in r/occult but was suggested here.
Seemingly shadow banned from asking deep thinking question about rallying for truth on AskReddit.
Gadgets can be hacked to produce 'dangerous' sounds, says researcher
Let's not Forget about Bruce Ivins, the Scapegoat for The September 2001 anthrax letter attacks. First they blamed Al Qaeda with support from Iraq. Then they targeted Bruce Ivins, without evidence. He committed suicide before trial.
BREAKING: One of the guards who was told to leave Jeffrey Epstein 3 hours prior to his 'suicide' has been found dead at his home.
Hmmmmm
Have any more ruins of civilizations been found in the Amazon?
100% safe
August Busch IV Theory
Everyone expects a (false flag) operation to cover the Epstein case but what if Epstein is a false flag to cover something bigger?
And so it begins?
Israel's Flagship Lobby Organisation Collapses
Bosnian Pyramids in 1984, 21 years before dr Semir Osmanagic
Posted on Occult, but was suggested to post here
A Floating Nuclear Power Plant. What Could Possibly Go Wrong?
Golden Gate Bridge is still up safe and sound, it’s 8/11. What happened conspiracy theorists?
Does anyone else feel like MAYBE Epstein is alive- like his death was faked to protect him?
US attorney says Epstein case remains open despite his death
So entirely predicted by some, it’s actually laughable.
Suicide watch. More like suicide, watch. 👀
How can ANYONE think otherwise?!?! The Clintons have such a high body count, how is this not related.
Epstein was a CIA asset. The main players behind the worldwide child trafficking scandal are none other than the secret services - CIA, MI6, Mossad. Here is a collection of evidence.
HOW CAN ANYONE THINK OTHERWISE?!?!?!
Jeffrey Epstein's case: Queen Elizabeth comes to the rescue of 'favourite son'
Divide and conquer in full effect.
Be careful. There are many users on here who will make you out to be "crazy" which is the government's greatest trick to deflect the attention from the truth.
Epstein Suicide, keep an eye out
A Little TOO Obvious
This account has since been shut down for making threats of violence to Jeffry Epstein (deceased)
Screencap of Pacific Rim 🤔
What if nobody killed Epstein and his neck just kinda did that?
Strange World- New conspiracy show coming to Travel Channel, Airing August 11th, 10pm est. Montauk Chronicles
I wonder why Prince Andrew is looking so happy? Hmm...
26-year-old Bajrang Dal activist killed by Jihadi elements over loud music in Jhalawar.
It’s NOT politics
u/awayresolution and his post were deleted. It was a treasure trove of sources and materials and a half hour after posting it, both post and user are gone.
Trump pardon's another Israeli drug dealer
Welp, it’s 8/11 and the Golden Gate Bridge is still up
Is Trump a Trojan horse in the Republican party? Sent to destroy the party from within.
Geo-political bread crumbs of the past 2 months for new members. Worth keeping an eye on!
Our inter is being taken away. There's a reason Epstein was murdered. Not let it distract you.
Banned video of Freemason Royal Ritual. Reddit won't let me post the link, so i deleted 3 last letters. At the end of this link type IF8 to be able to access the video
Google has the power to manipulate people’s voting choices.
Do our ears totally change when we die?Asking for a friend.
The photo that NY post ran of Jeff Epstein's body has a different inner ear than any photo of Epstein while he was alive.
In the Dutroux paedophile case, 20 witnesses died in mysterious circumstances
Lols aint this some bull?
Boy Scouts face new sexual abuse lawsuit | USA TODAY
Leaked documents show White House is planning executive order allowing mass Internet censorship
Epstein Graphic - Keystone in Gitmo
Lets step it up. Demand the video evidence.
Remember the faked death of the journo last year?
Epstein's Death Must Be the Start, not the End, of the Investigation - Craig Murray. Former UK ambassador and torture whistleblower.
Can someone expaling the meaning of this quote?
Something’s not right
Remember Arab Spring? I have a feeling this sex thing is gonna end up with many countries involved.
Seems prediction looking to come true...
The Torture of and the Fact Treatment Nature Slavery of America's Founding Mothers and Fathers
Unable to locate ANY Epstein interviews
#trumpbodycount was created by Twitter.
Release the Jeffrey Epstein Suicide Footage!
I Am Doing a Report on Epstein’s Death and I Need Your Help. Officials have already ruled the death a suicide. I am working on a report about the circumstances of Epstein’s death, but I need your help to compile the data about this incident as it comes out. ~ James Corbett
Allegedly
Epstein picture inconsistencies
Charles Lawson explains conspiracy theory in relation to biblical prophecy (new world order)
The roblox paedophile conspiracy
If these people that are responsible for Epsteins murder don't get caught we are a lost cause.
Was anyone talking of 9/11 the way people are talking about today?
The only consistent thing through every US president, democrat or republican, is that the mainstream media crafts the public's perception of them. And every single time that narrative serves the people who are actually in power.
Twitter is covering up the Epstein "suicide"
350 year ice age coming?
Why Epstein case will never be uncovered
Let The Cover-Up Begin! Lame Lib Media Boy Following Orders and Spelling
Secret services (CIA, MI6) are directly involved in the Epstein scandal and the worldwide pedogate scandal. Here is a collection of evidence pointing to the secret services
Blink 182 - Epstein's Song
Oh well.
For all we know, Epstein could still be alive. via Reuters: "At the MCC, two jail guards are required to make separate checks on all prisoners every 30 minutes, but that procedure was not followed overnight, according to the source."
Consp theorists- from liberal to conservative?
The REAL reason /watchpeopledie was banned is because it didn't fit the agenda that the Evil White Man is responsible for all the atrocities in the world. 98% of the vids that captured people committing acts of violence towards others were from the Middle East, Asia, or South America.
Prepare for a false flag
Hong Kong police backed by the CCP to replicate Tiananmen Square incident?
Google only search engine to feature discrediting of Epstein 'conspiracies' in top results
Deep dived
Guys, stay on your toes, remember to think critically!
He's not dead, he escaped.
AG Barr raises questions about Jeffrey Epstein's death
Can someone please link me the wolfgang halbig video about sandy hook
Tried registering for VOAT today.
Epstein: After his death, under what jurisdiction and oversight will the materials collected from the property raid last month fall under?
Ya dont say...
Can someone explain what the fuck is actually going on with all this?
Why did Les Wexner (CEO of Victoria’s Secret) gift his $77 million Manhattan home to Jeffrey Epstein for $0 in 2011?
We can’t rewind we’ve gone too far
If they have the power to be able to turn off the cameras and get the federal prison guards away, they had the power to do a body swap.
Now I’m not much of a conspiracy guy
Can we stop talking about what happened to Epstein and start talking about the almost 2000 page documents that were released?
Distraction from Epstein?
Does anyone have a source on the "camera malfunctioning" during Epstein murder ?
A Compiled List Of All Trips from Epstein Flight Logs
Why did Epstein plead the fifth when asked if he socialized with Donald Trump in the presence of underage women? He answered other questions but pleaded the fifth to this one?
Did Epstein Commit Suicide, Get Suicided, Or Get Whisked Away To Israel? It May Be That It Was Not Him At All...
Records reveal the powerful men associated with Epstein, the latter claimed a biological need to have sex multiple times a day
Anything Jim Fetzer will say about Jeffery Epstein will be misinformation
SpongeBob Funny...
The media intentionally crafted the narrative that anything Trump says is "wrong" so that they could attach him to any issue they wanted to debunk. They now want you to believe that Epstein being killed is "Trump's conspiracy".
Former MCC inmate describes the type of unit Epstein was held in and how there is no way he committed suicide.
Someone give Elon Musk a blunt. We need this objective genius to discern this madness and settle the score once and for all 😂
Leaked Draft of Trump Executive Order to 'Censor the Internet' Denounced as Dangerous, Unconstitutional Edict
To everyone who thinks there will be a distraction from the Epstein situation... I present you with the TAPS Act. Epstein IS the distraction.
This is the big event that the whole Epstein debacle has been covering up. They let us carry on going on about Epstein whilst they quickly and quietly put this into place.
Monsanto paid Google to bury bad news
8/11 - supporting ideas and coincidences
Epstein not monitored before death, he was supposed to be
No idea where to post this, was watching a video about great horror documentaries to watch on youtube and when I found a good one (the top one) I went to search for it and both it and the previous documentary in the video are now the top search results, this just kinda feels weird lmao
Hahahah sorry if this has been posted already but this has gotta be the best one yet.
(from twitter) Trump is not confirming his Cabinet posts to make the 25th amendment, section 4 impossible. Discuss.
A former MCC inmate describing the unit Epstein committed “suicide” in and describing there’s no way Epstein could have done so.
What do we make of this?
...
4chan thread saying that Epstein was dead an hour before any media outlets reported on it. You can click on OP's ID to see his posts in that thread.
The Verge retracts story after being caught out as fake news.
Bots have flagged 'Epstein' for automatic removal in world news
Upvote if Trump didn’t influence your view on the Epstein conspiracy theory, despite what the media says.
Just A Reminder To Keep An Open Mind And Fact Check For Yourself
Jewish prayers
Can someone explain the whole pedophile island thing?
Tear gas and shots fired at protesters. The Government denies it ever happened. 10/Aug/2019
Anyone have any information to confirm this was taken by Rachel Chandler at Epstein Island?
“Want to discredit your enemies? Align them with the imbeciles.”
Epstein was reportedly left alone and not monitored before he killed himself in Manhattan jail cell
Anyone have information on if this picture is legit? (Epstein island)
The cover-up begins. . .
Just a Reminder: In 2012, The NDAA Legalized The Use Of Propaganda On The US Public
Mysterious Epstein Death: One day later and they are either pushing the story down slowly or changing the narrative
"People are starting to wake up" BS (Long Rant)
Bruce Ohr 302s released: Deep State finally being exposed! This is only the beginning!
This was found written on the sidewalk outside of Epstein's mansion yesterday...
Pizzagate can't be found on Youtube, what a coincidence!
The most logical conclusion on Epstein
Russia false probably flagged a gang attack on police in Sweden cuz Trump said it sucked.
Russia false flagged a shooting in Sweden to make Trump look good.
Jeffrey Epstein's Egg-Shaped Penis is the Answer to the "Body Double" Question
This man Trump really took a 10 day vacation 2 days before the Epstein incident and now we won’t see him for another week. Who knows if this even might be relevant by then. Then retweets that Clinton murder conspiracy. Unreal.
We are in the middle of one of the most obvious government conspiracies and Drunk Taylor Swift is trending on Twitter. This is proof in itself the elites are hard at work trying to cover up all traces of Epstein.
Intelligence is a Dangerous Business
Is the Lottery Rigged? Did you know Epstein won 29.3 Million Lump Sum (after taxes) in Oklahoma’s Powerball lottery, July 2, 2008? Some suspect NM Gov. Bill Richardson of having rigged the lottery 2 pay out Epstein’s Zorro trust because he owed him a favor.
To those new to this sub: An intro to the "New World Order" (NWO) conspiracy. Epstein was part of a blackmail operation, used to control elites in Govt (both parties), media, business, etc in order to advance the globalist, Marxist NWO agenda
4chan thread predicting Epsteins death an hour before the media reported on it. you can click on op's id to see all his posts in that thread.
Our internet is being murdered.
Our internet is being murdered.
Let’s get specific. If the Clintons or Elites kill high profile people regularly. How is it done and by whom or what organization?
Tear gas at Kashmir rally India denies happened
Police called to 'hazardous material incident' in Worthing
Stop sharing misinformation. There’s plenty of things to be questioned here. Let’s focus on that and not on completely made up gibberish.
Avicii knew the truth but the Rich Elite got him
TheTinyDot
New to this, but what are the chances that Epstein had a "burn book"-esque thing in place. "If I die by being suicides, here is a list of everyone toscrew over as revenge" type thing.
TheTinyDot
For all the Gen Z people who weren’t around for 9/11. The Epstein suicide...This is how obvious it was for all of us when 9/11 happened, that it was an inside job.
Bill Colby and The Franklin Cae
Well yes but no
Allahpundit finally breaks: Me before Epstein’s death: Conspiracy theories are facile misdirections favored by people who crave simplistic explanations to soothe their own feelings of powerlessness. Me now: The Illuminati whacked Epstein. Conspiracy theory is the only credible theory of history.
Schizophrenic Oklahoma Man Groomed By The FBI To Be A "Right Wing Terrorist." Link In Comments...
Da Ears da ears..!!
8chan: The Latest Fearporn Drive and why it's about shutting down "conspiracy theorists"
Photo of chomo before death and after death. (Epstein)
Seems fishy
Any increase in white supremacy is purely the fault of left-wing media
Here is a mini-doc I made on Epstein over 3 months ago before the case blew up. Surreal what has happened since.
Nickelodeon creep Dan Schneider doesn't have a foot fetish, he's just part of a "weird family". :) -DanWarp blog
Jeffrey Epstein told guards someone tried to kill him
Relax...nothing will happen today...
Awakening the giant, CNN ignores.
What do people think of Ryan Dawson?
Was Jeffrey Epstein Suicided by The FBI this Morning ?!
Gary Webb was shot *twice* in the Head with a .38 Revolver. His death was called a suicide. Gary Webb's Assassination is just one part of the Elite's Violence.
Joseph Goebbels' Last Anti-Semitic Essay
The Media is Intentionally displaying the Dome of the Rock instead of Al-Aqsa Mosque
In light of Epstein 'suicide' there's another one similar last week. Known polish boxer was found dead in his cell last week. He allegedly had tapes of the polish speaker of the Parlament - Kuchciński - raping underage Ukrainian girls. More in comments
Shareblue is manipulating this sub
I was banned withing seconds after posting this to r/unpopularopinion.
Palm Beach detective who led Epstein investigation dies at 50.
Amazon offering store credit to use their photo storage system
Dan Schneider (Nickelodeon) exposes Miguel Piñero in essay
The claim that trump called nazis "fine people" is based on a doctored video. And joe biden keeps repeating the lie.
Law of Attraction – The Key to Making it Work
LEAKED E-MAIL: ShareBlue Ordering Its People To Blame Trump For Epstein Pedogate
How is no one mentioning this? First thing I noticed.
Dead porpoise found near Golden Gate bridge!
We try to get to the bottom of the biggest conspiracy of them all in our review of Those Conspiracy Guys!!
What if the shootings last week were staged in order to shut down 8chan in preparation of Epstein's death, so that conspiracy theories couldn't be spread from there?
Law of Attraction – The Key to Making it Work
Would Methamphetamine fuel conspiracy theories?
Shooting at Golden Gate Bridge right now.
Just a reminder: Back in 2012, The US Government Legalized the Use of Propaganda on the US Public
Was he kept alive to prevent his a deadman switch ?
Epstein Camera Malfunction Claim is unsubstantiated. Don't fall victim to misinformation in this congested narrative.
New Age Spirituality, Project Blue Beam and Qanon
With the recent "suicide" of Epstein, here is a list of Clinton associates who have died mysteriously. Coincidence?
SMART acronym?
Who pays Trump's tariffs ? | How Tariffs Work in Trade Wars
If something does happen today, and the date August 11 is ingrained in the public's mind for years, then this sub will blow up.
I see a lot of people saying the clintons are involved in Epstein’s “suicide” but it isn’t the clintons who are in power right now, the elite protect each other.
I just want to point out that twitter is blocking any Epstein or Clinton trends.
Epstein "Gurney Pic" a Hoax... Head way too big! Bad Photoshop job. Look!
Universal cancels The Hunt release, film Trump appeared to criticize , a movie about elites hunting people for sport.
Cui bono
Anyone wanna take bets on what time the false flag will happen today or tomorrow?
Why Epstein Case Will Never Be Uncovered
Here is a movie with little kids cursing, possessing drugs, talking about sex and engaging in criminal acts. Is it really a surprise that IQ levels are dropping, or that the youth are more depressed than ever? There's something very wrong with society if this is the message we are sending our kids.
Things that make you go “hmmm”.
Staging area for the body on the gurney isn't at a hospital
Jeff donated to both parties, but 9 times more to Democrat politicians and organizations. Definitely don't look at this as a partisan issue, the intelligence community begs you.
Saw on Twitter Robin Williams died 5 years ago...… why do I feel like it's only been at least 3?
El Chapo should do a televised interview.
Use the Epstein momentum
Who pays Trump's tariffs ? | How Tariffs Work in Trade Wars
I don't believe that Jeffrey Epstein is dead until I see proof. The media must question the details around Jeffrey Epstein's death. They should be asking whether authorities will provide proof that he is actually dead and demanding that the investigation into his death be fully open.
The #metoo movement, pedogate, Anthony Bourdain death, Epstein death, Clinton body count are all related.
Now that AOC has no direction without Saikat, will the Club of Rome drop her?
America Needs an Independent Fed
Just a reminder to all those newbies waking up to the false nature of "The Narrative". We have always been living in Plato's Cave, fed on shadows and illusions feeling everything and seeing nothing. Welcome to the sunlight.
Hmmmmmmm
Just wanted to toot mine own horn, and say I fucking told you boys.
It is no longer a mystery as to why there was such a big setup to the Epstein assassination. Multiple mass shootings coupled with a crackdown on conspiracies come just days before they kill him. They were hoping that the gun control debate would be in full swing and nobody would notice Epstein
Hmm…
Jeff was a good boy, he'll be taken care of courtesy of the Jesuit General
Jeffrey Epstein’s brother, Mark Epstein
Welcome to the rabbit hole. Try not to get lost in it
How likely is it that Epstein never set up a dead man’s switch?
Bourdain?
Where is Epstein's body?
Visible indication of staged Epstein suicide case: Profile comparison
Everything is fake
So today is the day
Duncan Trussell gave r/conspiracy a shout
Anheuser Busch IV is a Murderer in Plaint Sight!
There has to be a connection between Jeffrey Epstein and Peter Skully
The Clinton body count has just reached 400 souls. I don't care how many people you know, nobody has this many dead friends.
The guy on the pic as actually Anthony Bourdain
if you believe that Epstein was really in that jail cell and now he's dead then you don't know the real value of money and power
While everyone's appalled at the recent horrors, the US continues to move towards the churchstate of old, the preamble to tyranny
Majority of Jeffrey Epstein's victims were from Scandinavia?
Relaxed: the Prince was seen smiling as he shared a chauffeured ride to church with the Queen in Scotland today (11 August)
Hidden in Plain Sight: The Shocking Origins of the Jeffrey Epstein Case - This article connects all the dots. Read it while you can.
0% Chance of Epstein Committing Legitimate Suicide
Updated list of very important documentaries and Epstein info
Everyone has drawn this symbol in primary school, no one remember why.
Very accurate.
8/11 is here. Here’s what could go down today.
Possibility of war with UK if found that they killed Epstein? Feels like there's multiple forces with their own agenda. FBI, CIA, Royal Family, Clintons, Trump's, etc. If they did kill a US citizen on soil then that's major. Thoughts?
In my opinion Epstein was killed by.....
What are the chances of the body on the gurney being Anthony Bourdain?
TMZ post about Epstein
Epstein's corpse has a different inner ear than Epstein when he was alive. Why?
epstein first successful suicide at MCC in 21 years
Jeffrey Epstein told guards weeks before he hanged himself that someone tried to kill him.
"Domestic Terror" is Newspeak
Proven conspiracies: In light of Epsteins's 'suicide' here is another high profile 'Suicide'. Gary Webb. Found Dead with two bullet holes in his head. (For all the newly recent active users)
Suicide after he appeals? Not so sure.
Crude comedian gets away with years of slurs but says this and immediately gets suspended off twitter
Sponsored content for Sandy Hook on twitter today. It’s hard to know what to believe when targeted with ads. My condolences for families that have lost loved ones to these or other events.
New cryptoroulette project! FREE 0.02BTC for everyone!
Epstein wasn't killed but rather pushed to commit suicide or killed by other inmates
Epsteins death has divided left from right in an almost comical fashion
Does this look like Jeffrey Epstein to you??!!
Predictive programming, or a warning?
The other Epstein photo. What's with his hands?
I want to comment on this sub, but I've had to resort to a throwaway
Gilbert Gottfried hired to announce this warning: Stay off the Golden Gate Bridge on August 11th.
It’s funny how every story I read is either a “Trumps connections with Epstein” or “the Clintons connections with Epstein” but no stories implicating that both families had ties to Jeff E. Really makes you think
MH17 and MH370 are the reason for Brexit
Out the Back Door? Questioning the Death of Jeffrey Epstein
Just wondering what the general opinion is on this documentary, imo it’s hands down the most interesting and scariest conspiracy documentary I’ve ever seen
Was amazing to see all the Epstein stuffing r/all yesterday. Today I scrolled down for awhile and couldn't find a single post. Has the suppression begun?
Theres 'no way' from former inmate
Twitters ‘trending’ this morning - uh, I don’t think so. This has been on news media 24/7. No topic is being talked about more.
It Takes A Body Approximately 2-3 Days to begin Postmortem Bloating. Why was Epstein's body Bloated if he committed 'suicide' yesterday?
Google has a lot of interesting things to say about 8/11 and the golden gate bridge.
Who nose where the real one is?
Meet Epstein’s Sex Slave Recruiters (who will be “offed” next?)
Wondering what the opinion of this documentary is on here (to anyone that’s seen it) Imo it’s the hands down the most interesting and scary conspiracy documentary I’ve ever seen
It doesn't matter who "suicided" Epstein.
Golden gate hoax
Epstein got moved to military jurisdiction.
Latest Clinton related death list (updated with Epstein)
Who ordered Epstein to be taken off suicide watch?
Dead? Well yes, but no.
I'm a journalist at a top ten journalism school and i'm concerned that fahrenheight 9/11 isn't anywhere to stream legally
Trump con
Who was the man who pulled off the Epstein assassination?
"If you believe that Jeffrey Epstein is dead, you &amp; sold out media are on the same page."
Two American billionaires and their shady deals with Israeli intelligence
I Am Doing a Report on Epstein’s Death and I Need Your Help: Corbett Report, new
This is the epstein distraction. Dont fall for it
Doesnt matter if you like InfoWars or not, the Video is still on point! [EL PASO SHOOTING]
An statistical study of conspiracy viability
the epstein 'suicide' is the biggest wakeup call since 9/11
I'm at a top ten journalism school and was wondering why fahrenheit 9/11 isn't anywhere to stream legally.
Is something suppose to happen tomorrow? why is 12th of august being talked about? Golden gate bridge ?
"The inside of the craft has no buttons and everything is seamless" yet they flew these things?
Why would Google try to bury the Epstein suicide?
Hidden in Plain Sight: The Shocking Origins of the Jeffrey Epstein Case
Jeffrey Epstein: Sipping "Mimosas" with Saddam on the South of France?
Did The Queen of England Know That Her Son Was A Pediphile?
Deutsche Welle: "Epstein death triggers flurry of conspiracy theories"
The elites just see us and treat us as livestock
Eipstien, gun laws, and distractions
Excuse me for pleb, can someone explain to me what happened with Epstein?
snapmaps starting to look suspicious if u ask me
Does anyone have any good ghost footage type shows or documentaries?
Does any one else think Epstein's 'suicide' is all too transparent?
With everyone screaming about Bill Clinton on the Lolita express, remember trump has his own plane and his flight logs line up with epstein in Florida, New York, and New Mexico.
The great fire of golden gate(FALSE FLAG ALERT)
We know from Acosta that Epstein was “Intelligence”. Which service? MI6? CIA? Saudi Intel? Or MOSSAD? Robert Maxwell, Ghislaine father was a known Mossad Agent who committed suicide. As did another Mossad Agent- Otto Warmbier. The pedoblackmail rings are designed to comprise prominent figures.
So with this New Epstein Suicide story out, It seems like the perfect time for another Mass shooting right??
transfer agreement for eggstein
Epstein leaving prison vs him alive.
The Golden Gate Bridge is going collapse today on 8/11/19
Anyone see the new doc on Netflix the Family which ties together some of the most powerful people in DC
This is pretty interesting! A few good arguments. Everyone should at least take a look.
This is pretty interesting! A few good arguments. Everyone should at least take a look.
Fixed: Epstein now vs. then pic. Both pics are of the left side of faces and none are mirrored as other posts have been mirrored creating misinformation as they are actually using a right vs. left image.
Who Will Find What The Finders Hide?
Reading about the Epstein stuff, as well as the 8/11 things is really getting to me.
“suicide”
They both tried warning us (article dated 26/06/17)
Schiff and Wasserman Shultz advise a think tank called Humpty Dumpty led by Jeffrey Epstein’s brother
The Mob Killed Epstein, and Control The Clintons, and Trump
Who is not surprised Mr. Epstien was found dead?
Was it really Epstein’s body that was pictured coming out of the jail? And if he was dead, why no body bag and why was he being giving oxygen?
Lookalike. Not him.
More information about "the Family / Fellowship" (subject of the new Netflix series)
Before it gets too out of hand this Epstein pic has been mirrored and therefore you are looking at both the left and right ear/face. Source pics in SS
Tweet by Comedian regarding the mystery around Epstein's suicide gets attention from Trump &amp; he is unfit to be President because of it, according to Joe Walsh
Epstein, Clintons, and Trump are all MOB RELATED. THE MOB RUNS THIS COUNTRY
Some Facts on Donald Barr
Nothing big, but it was an observation on Alice in Chains song, the Rooster
The sub is flooded with epstein posts but the numbers never lie.
Michael Jackson is actually Jesus Christ in disguise. And better yet, he is still alive.
FBI 302 interviews with Bruce Ohr released (redactions)
“As Condor, he is in reality a government agent who has been working with Moore, Shandera, Friedman, John Grace, BOB LAZAR, and others all along. THEY ARE CIA ALL THE WAY.” - William Cooper ‘Behold A Pale Horse’
“As Condor, he is in reality a government agent who has been working with Moore, Shandera, Friedman, John Grace, BOB LAZAR, and others all along. THEY ARE CIA ALL THE WAY.” - William Cooper in ‘Behond A Pale Horse’
What do we do about the Epstein ‘suicide’ situation?
Tweet By Comedian Regarding Jeffrey Epstein's "suicide" gets attention from Trump &amp; is unfit to be President because of it According to Joe Walsh
Watch trump predict Epstein in 2015 at the CPAC. WTF?!?! What you guys think about this? I cant find it on youtube either
The Pedophocracy
New series "The Family" on Netflix uncovers bipartisan D.C. power network that uses Christianity as a cover for undocumented, undisclosed meetings between Congressmen and heads of state from around the world. Long-term goal is to develop global network of "God-led leaders" who coordinate actions.
Trump Predicts Epstein fall?!? Wow
Reasons why I'm leaving r/conspiracy. I know no one cares most likely but I'd like to leave my two cents. Nothing against majority of the users. But I do have my problems with the users as a collective if that makes sense.
Possible HAPPENING. Something BIG is brewing. For those in San Francisco please remain cautious and stay away from the GG bridge and the Outside Lands Festival today. Detailed predictions and analysis
What almost all posts here remind me of...
"When all Kashmiris will be killed, only then the world will realise our sufferings," said Akeel Dar, who had 90 pellets in his body.
"When all Kashmiris will be killed, only then the world will realise our sufferings," said Akeel Dar, who had 90 pellets in his body.
Just making it easier for people to see the difference between the dead homeless man, and Jeffrey Epstein (still alive).
The real conspiracy...
Repost. 4 chan user explains Epsteins cause of debt almost 1 hr before it mainstream media reported on it
Comic, Norm MacDonald, hilariously calls out the Clintons for killing people on the View way back in 2000. Barbra Walters seems to know what Norm’s talking about, but she does her best to just shut him up.
The Gentleman's Guide To Forum Spies (spooks, feds, etc.) Great read for newcomers. Welcome
Keep digging people, the world is starting to open their eyes and change is imminent.
Unsealed documents detail alleged Epstein victim&amp;rsquo;s recruitment at Mar-a-Lago - POLITICO
Jeffrey Epstein then and now
Epstein and Wexner.. Wexner's grandfather-in-law played an important role in the founding of Israel.
The President himself retweets conspiracy post of Epstein’s “suicide.”
Epstein and Wexner - Wexner's grandfather.. lets dig
The President himself retweets conspiracy of Epstein’s “suicide.”
no one cares...
More r/pics shilling, so much proof that trump wasnt one of them and that Clinton was and they still try to brainwash you, please resist
Just a thought: If Epstein "attempted suicide" a few weeks back, why is there not a single mention of the "tool" he used to try to hang/strangle himself?
4Chan Says He Was Switched
Called it
VIDEO: Pedos Injecting Selves With Baby's Foreskins!
Yet another Epstein question. How and why was he caught?
Interesting image of Clinton
Jeffrey Epstein’s apparent suicide is unfathomable
[Meta]The Gentleman's Guide To Forum Spies - Good read if you are new. Welcome.
Half of Sundays papers reporting on Prince Andrew's pals 'suicide' this is a big deal for the UK press to admit something's not right.
Half of Sundays papers reporting on Prince Andrew's pals 'suicide' this is a big deal for the UK press to admit something's not right.
I Am Doing a Report on Epstein's Death and I Need Your Help - James Corbett
Clinton and Epstein on a plain together.
8/11 possibly kicking off
It's just us
NYC Police Chief announces he is going to work for a Clinton linked firm on Tuesday, is still in charge when Epstein dies on Saturday.
Who's that your with there bill?
I woke up (or dreamt that I am) on a different reality.
EPSTEIN SUICIDE | FBI DESIGNATES CONSPIRACY THEORISTS DOMESTIC TERRORIST...
Was the series Altered Carbon trying to desensitize us to rape/murder for money?
Anyone else think trump had epstein killed?
To all the new people here
Looks like we might be due for Chernobyl 2.0, boys!
Check out Epstein's nose and ears. He is not dead.
Anyone know why Owen Benjamin deleted all of his videos from YouTube?
I'm just gonna leave this here
The Great Riddle of August 11, 2019 - The Next 9/11?
I post this not for karma, but for humanity to stop dismissing it.
What’s not a conspiracy these days?
So will Ghislaine Maxwell be extradited or is it totally kosher she ran a pedophile human trafficking / blackmail operation?
Epstein’s Death: Are the Clintons responsible, or is it someone else?
Hysterical crybaby liberals are mortified, doing damage control. This leaked out of CTR, some of the threads here in conspiracy are a byproduct. Mods should be vigilant and delete these garbage posts the same way we're censored in the normie threads.
The Epstein situation was predicted almost to the T in metephor.
Is there any evidence of a suicide? All we know is that the dude was found unresponsive.
When we've been mocked for years for uncovering pedophile elites, but the normies and media start asking questions
Can someone create a petition.org so we can start an investigation going.
This made me lol
Epstein facial changes and post mortem cartilage collapse
Though totally different kinds of moral people, both Epstein and Yeshua died for the same reason: Too much info on the evil forces in power
I have a feeling more us to come too...
The craziest thing happened the other day...
About 8/11
He did NOT HANG himself!
Someone on pol just posted this, maybe you'll think its interesting:
r/conspiracy is not showing up on my front page.
https://www.facebook.com/DeepCancer/
Look at the date of the news report.
8/11
Literally no one believes the Epstein suicide story... and the media WILL never address this.
Data Patents and Systematic Deaths Stopping Development
None of the contestants on Jeopardy are legitimate. They are all cheaters, and the REAL contest is to see who is the best at cheating.
Epstein's suicide is just a distraction
[META] A Discord Server For The Conspirators of This Server to Join
Is the endgame mind control?
Damn right it's a Psychological Warfare H3, You're just missing who's ORCHESTRATING it.
Do you think anything will happen?
Greed in fast food industry
DK explains the game through music. Bleed for me...
In the Dutroux paedophile case, 20 witnesses died in mysterious circumstances
Epstein is alive somewhere.
We are not moving towards 1984, we have already been there and are finally starting to break free
Epstein still alive?
In the Dutroux case, 20 witnesses died in mysterious circumstances
Jeffery Epstein is not a pedophile
I wonder if the TAPS Act has anything to do with all my friends on Facebook copy and pasting this Rome Statue on Facebook saying that there's a new privacy policy on effect today?
simpsons predict events to happen tomorrow
In regards to the Epstein situation...
Jeffrey Epstein's butler - who stole the businessman's crucial 'black book' - has died
How could Epstein hang himself, let me explain:
Dan Schneider &amp; Jamie Lynn pregnancy, blind items from 2007
Jesse Ventura: “Powerful forces covered up the Epstein case the first time for a reason.”
Don't know how many of you have seen this, but I thought I'll share it
Epstein is not dead
Dishonesty vs. Stupidity: Exposing The Dumbing Down Of Culture by Hacks, Flaks, And Apparatchiks - an essay by Nickelodeon's Dan Schneider
Monsanto Paid Google To Censor Results; Operated Fusion Center To Discredit Journalists And Activists - DC Dirty Laundry
Clinton list
Discord Server for Conspirators
A poem about Jeffrey Eppstein.
Timing is everything right, what if the Epstein suicide is just being used as a honeypot trap for conspiracy theorists?
Wikipedia telling it like it is.
List of MMC Manhattan psychology department supervisors. Could one be involved?
The public know we killed Epstein. Push more Area 51 memes. Prepare another shooting. Just shut it down!
Suspicious circumstances surrounding Epstein's supposed suicide.
Anxiety?
[META] - Notice to Newbies - Don't help TPTB dox you!
Things I never thought I would do this morning when waking up---inspect a deceased billionaires earlobes and nose bridge.
Is this reality?
Too much
I downloaded the 2,000 page Epstein files... I cant find them. There was a rumor they were remote deleting them. Anyone have a link to the files? I need to redownload them.
But what does it all mean?
Who isn't a Conspiracy Theorist?
In light of all the Golden gate bridge talk, this seems like a strange story to run the night before 8-11.
I've been on this sub too long
Donald Trump listed on lolita express flight logs.
Can somebody please explain pizzagate/Epstein? Been off reddit for a bit
Is there any way to call an election before the 4 years of a presidential term have passed?
I wonder if the TAPS Act has anything to do with all my friends on Facebook copy and pasting this Rome Statue on Facebook saying that there's a new privacy policy on effect today?
They must be getting impatient with us.
I met a corrections officer who was working in the unit that Epstein was held in
Why does the Democratic establishment and their media cronies hate Tulsi Gabbard? This email released by Wikileaks in 2016 gave us huge breadcrumbs. She received an email that they were disappointed in her for endorsing Bernie Sanders (full Wikileaks email in comments and please share this)
...?
The American Government is so Incompetent that it can't keep a Suicidal Man, (Jeffrey Epstein), Alive in a Prison.
Sus stuff
did you really think the feds would let epstein incriminate trump or clinton?
Epstein most likely willingly killed himself
Can someone explain what a “dead mans switch” is to me? In reference to the espein case?
If Epstein Is Cremated!!??
"Pedophiles facing federal criminal charges are at high risk for suicide. It happened in several of my Maryland cases. Pedophiles require special attention. Stopping people from harming themselves is difficult." -Rod Rosenstein. Not when they're on suicide watch Rod. Use your fucking brain.
Google vs DuckDuckGo search results
August 11th warning
Rap Song Bout Cocaine And The Clinton Bodycount
How do these multiple videos about stars not prove that we aren’t being told about the nature of the sky above us? This is one of many videos, and all the stars have different colors/ patterns, so it cannot be just because of incorrect zooming technique.
Interesting...
Remember what happened in ‘16?
Here is what I think the order of events was with Epstein's "death"
Epstein Truth.
Jeffrey Epstein is....
New Netflix documentary called The Family is lying to you!
He did NOT hang himself?
TPTB have given the talking points to the media. Everywhere on Reddit now I see an attempt to turn the Epstein issue into a fight between Republicans and Democrats
Start reading from pg 1268 of docs
I have never in my life seen this sub so completely focused on one topic so intensely for so long. Why does the collective hive mind care so much about this subject.
Possible upcoming false flag in Kansas City, MO?
What will they pull to make people forget about Epstein?
Time
Does anyone think that the alleged billionaire sex ring accidentally discovered by Borat is connected to the Epstein thing ?
Politics today be like...
The Clinton Deadpool
The CVS in Gardner, KS is a money laundering operation for presumably methamphetamine manufacturing profits.
Of all the conspiracies I didnt want to be true. How corrupt are the elite?
Coincidence?
Jeffrey Epstein’s prison guards calling for an ambulance (2019)
Did Epstein's suicide distract us from any other important news happenings today?
PREDICTIVE PROGRAMMING-golden gate destruction
He's back trending at No. 3 on Twitter after disappearing at No. 2 for a while
Hey did anyone else notice that all of the videos explaining pizzagate are suddenly gone from YouTube? All I can find is videos of famous people condemning the theory.
Epstein was switched out and is now on an island somewhere
Will someone help me understand how this is possible?? (Looking at the dates and knowing that Epstein was suicided today)
How do you dig/search through 4chan?
Corpus Delicti
What was Epstein hanged with?
That’s right, tamp it down the best you can
Visit r/suicideconspiracy
Why does the Democratic establishment and their media cronies hate Tulsi Gabbard? This email released by Wikileaks in 2016 gave us huge breadcrumbs. She received an email that they were disappointed in her for endorsing Bernie Sanders (full Wikileaks email in comments and please share this)
Epstein was murdered
Well .. thats interesting #TrumpBodyCount trend
[Meme] Hillary Clinton on the death of Jeff
No. Epstein could of had dirt on a lot of the rich and powerful and he’s still alive. Oh wait...
You'd never guess how old he was when he "died"
Why's everyone all over these conspiracies?
With the shocking (not really) news of Epstein's "suicide" we need to remember
This Is The Same Pattern The Fed Followed Before The Great Depression
What are the chances that the recently suicidal, actually were moved to another location?
Epstein plot twist in 3 different ways
Where the hell is that Maxwell chick
👀💀
Still my phone is "updating," and now I had my post deleted by the mods. My phone after searching for my google info, has restarted and updated 3x's.
Don't forget thar last week conspiracy "theorists" were deemed terrorists by the FBI.
Since we're seeing such an influx of visitors due to Epstein's "suicide" I hope some check out the "List of Proven Conspiracies" linked. Yes Epstein's probable murder is bad but in reality things are much worse.
Doug Coe, The Fellowship, C-Street and the influence of the National Prayer Breakfast - the real deep state?
Prpbably wont go anywhere but there is a petition to see Epatein's body
Forget the political hot potato for the moment. Remember: sex rings involving minors have long been rumoured in HOLLYWOOD. NXIUM and Epstein are the types of monsters.
Does anyone have a good source on the guards being removed for 'maintenance' when Epstein got got?
Best conspiracy documentaries?
The Epstein "Suicide" might be worse than we thought.
Not sure if this belongs in this sub. But this is from my area in CA and this terror suspect was released after 13yrs. I guess I’m missing something or am just stupid. Thoughts?
Why didn't they kill Epstein earlier?
Alien contactee - twitter poll
I just searched for my google information. Then my phone started updating, on it's own? I am not a conspiracy theorist, but this was strange.
Idk about you, but its strange that the hong kong situation got covered so quickly by incredibly big events like shootings and whatnot
Now people can't look at anything on Yahoo/Engadget without signing OATH. Goodbye Yahoo Network !!!
Epstein
Timing is everything. Where's the Epstein suicide video?
Dead Man Trigger - Epstein
This is a weird time to be alive. The commander and chief is supporting conspiracy theorists
Epstein Blackmail. How does it go down?
I understand.
How did the US go from funding jihadists to fighting them?
Lolita Express Flight Logs
Arm up overthrow the government?
Lupe Fiasco. I can't take back the words I never said. And that ain't jersey shore, homey that's the news. My problem is I'm peaceful. And I believe in the people.
Since we're seeing such an influx of visitors due to Epstein's "suicide" I hope some check out the "List of Proven Conspiracies" linked. Yes Epstein's probable murder is bad but in reality things are much worse.
ShareBlue Out in Full Force!
4chan user explain Esptein's cause of death nearly an hour before it hits mainstream media. Another alleges suspicious van may have taken Epstein and replaced him with a double.
At This Point We’re Not “Theorists”. There is a global conspiracy and we just witnessed someone get suicided.
If this hasn’t been posted yet.
Length of time Epstein was alive. Coincidence? With all the gematria and numerology stuff going around this is just too perfect.
I’m not sure if this has been posted already but oh my god...
Theory for Depression During Pregnancy
Ten bucks says they find the guy who ordered the guards out but he suddenly dies Lee Harvey Oswald style before he's confronted...then the case goes cold. No loose ends. End of story.
What Censorship? Twitter Removes #ClintonBodyCount with 84,000 Mentions from Trending List After Epstein Death – Replaces with Trump, Barr Hashtags
What Epstein should have had been wearing.
Just added to Netflix, just finished watching it. Curious on your thoughts?? If you haven’t seen it yet, you must watch soon before it’s taken down!
"Jeffrey Epstein's life 'in jeopardy' as powerful pals don't want their secrets out, victim's lawyer claims" The victim's lawyer knew Epstein would be killed. He gave this interview after the first "suicide attempt".
Do not forget, the term "Conspiracy Theorist" was created and weaponized by the CIA in the 1960's. Left/Right, Black/White, Poor/Elite - we're labeled at every turn to keep the population divided. After today, it's clear our country is irreparably damaged. The only thing TPTB fear is a united front.
I’m sure this will get deleted so enjoy it while it last
Trump and Kim Jong-Un getting along surprisingly well and organising meetings just after Epsteins death, I mean North Korea seems like the perfect place to hide a high profile person and keep them hidden forever.
A member of Trump's Cabinet Proposes Idea That Hillary Had Epstein Murdered
Hopefully it doesn't
Are we all now considered “terrorists” for not believing the Epstein ‘suicide’ story?
Was Epstein murdered or was he moved? Strawpoll
Besides Jeff Epstein “suicide” do you think the people of Sentinel island are hiding alien technology like Wakanda? They kill whoever comes on the island and have been on the island for 60,000 years. That doesn’t add up there’s been so many kingdoms that could’ve invaded the island it’s not so hard.
LeAKed vIDEO oF JeFFrEY ePStEin’S lasT moMENts. Just to add a little humor in this questionable situation.
And Twitter removed all things Epstein related from the Trending algorithm..
Does anyone Remember when a Dead Intern was found in Joe Scarborough's office?
Only apparent Post-Mortem photo of Epstein compared to Epstein alive. Epstein had attached earlobes... his body apparently does not.
Recently, FBI comes out with absurd notion that conspiracy theories are threats to national security &amp; Epstein is found dead in his cell...
Do y’all think Jeffery Epstein really died?
The moon is 238,000 miles away huh? Photo taken with a digital camera.
"Global warming clearly is a problem, though not in the catastrophic terms of Al Gore's movies or environmental alarmists," ....... "Climate change has existed forever and is unlikely to go away. But CO2 emissions don't play the major role. Periodic solar activity does."
#Clintonbodycount vs. Trumpbodycount
Pro-gamer move by the Clintons
Epstein is alive and well. He is [probably] already outside the US now
#Trumpbodycount Trends On Twitter, Democrats believe Trump responsible for Epstein's suicide
Seriously, how many ways are there to kill yourself in a newly acquired cell? Where you were previously on suicide watch?
Guy who choked Epstein out a few weeks ago found with illegal cellphone in his cell. Oh, he’s an ex cop &amp; convicted murderer.
Epstein isn’t dead. They switched him out. Straight to the plastic surgeon for him. He’s too powerful to have died because of the ‘system’
Only apparent Post-Mortem photo of Epstein after death compared to Epstein alive. Epstein had attached earlobes... his body apparently does not.
Does anyone know of any theories about the Danish royal family?
Epstein videos to watch
8/11 Al-Aqsa Mosque
I thought this might fit here
An expert on the psychological deep state discusses Epstein, possible code?
So what if they just removed this thread one day. What the fuck are any of us gonna do about it?
Last post got taken down because of my title. I thought this was pure gold on Wikipedia
Like a turd in the wind
Never forget Sandyhook Re-posting this here because it’s been scrubbed from YouTube
"Leave Pizzagate aside, leave your politics at the door, and just look at the huge amount of publicly available information on pedo rings. It's absolutely insane that all of this is usually ignored while pizzagate takes the spotlight." - repost from r/conspiracy 1 year ago
In light of the Jeffrey Epstein suicide
Epstein's suicide. Did the white hats fake it?
Really convenient that conspiracy theorists were added to the domestic terror threat list just days before the obvious conspiracy of Epstein's death to preempt the blowback...
I think T-Series Hacked Me.
Anime movie with two kids in grade school. Magical rpg
I’m looking for a video
At least some people in government seem to care
Very important documentaries: please watch and share
Everyone arguing over whether Epstein killed himself or was assassinated is falling into exactly the trap they laid for you.
Pacific Rim predicts tomorrow MAYBE ??? Lol we'll see LOL
How did Epstein survive this long? Dead man’s switch
r/showerthoughts : Epstein and Kappy succumbed to the same fate.
Can someone link me a pic of epstien and clinton?
With Epstein Now Dead, Will Ghislaine Maxwell be Charged?
3 months ago, a prediction was made that 8/11 would mark "the biggest false flag since 9/11". 8/11 is the day after Epstein's death. Coincidence?
epstein stuff
Healing Hz? 6:06:06
‘Jeffrey Epstein did not commit suicide. It just didn’t happen’ – Former MCC inmate
"Questions raised" over Epstein's death. BBC and other mainstream outlets covering story. Great awakening?
Joe Rogan and Alex Jones Subliminal White Power in JRE Jones Returns
JOE ROGAN &amp; ALEX JONES SUBLIMINAL WHITE POWER
Ask the right questions and seek available information
Epstein death. How do you think it went down?
Epstein was a Mossad agent compromising key targets.
Old court documents connecting Epstein to a very powerful person that definitely has the power to have him killed
This was posted 12 days ago
Is it possible that pizza gate is linked to this Epstein situation?
Hard proof that Humans are not destroying the Earth.
3-month Old Prediction: Big Event TOMORROW (8/11/19) to distract from Epstein fiasco. Predictive programming supports the theory. If anyone has more PP examples, please share.
8/11 Al-Aqsa Mosque
Taken with a camera. From 238,000 miles away huh? Lolol
Anything to do with the Clinton’s and Epstein is actively being scrubbed from the internet in order to keep the focus on Trump. Remember who MSM and Big Tech have always favored. Don’t let them control the narrative.
I think google might be biased
The Next Step to Create More Noise on Sex Trafficking Ring
can we please get down to the bottom of this
Eyebrows and nose
A lot of ppl will argue which elite specifically it was that killed Epstein but make one thing clear: DON'T TRUST ANYONE who presumes the Trumps or Clintons to be innocent.
Yup
Today, everyone is a conspiracy theorist. Remember this from a couple of weeks ago?
Um, Trump just RT'ed this: "Died of SUICIDE on 24/7 SUICIDE WATCH ? Yeah right! How does that happen #JefferyEpstein had information on Bill Clinton &amp; now he’s dead"
As Jeffrey Epstein is now out of the picture, Ghislaine Maxwell is naturally the next one to go for
There is no proof Epstein died. I think he was moved somewhere.
Nothing to see here, move along!
Twitter conveniently replaced Clintonbodycount with trumpbodycount, will they blame it on the Russians?
A picture of Jeffery Epstein’s “dead body” vs himself. The media wants us to argue about how the guy died so we won’t even think that there’s a possibility he’s still alive.
Expect the discovery of extraterrestrials to make headlines tomorrow! We're finally going to find out about aliens!
Epstein Protest.
The govt/feds allowed a guy &amp; woman who were pimping out minor children to rich people for sex to not testify. He didn't die while on probation and outside of custody. The feds didn't do their job &amp; let a whole pedo network free. That is the real issue.
With the overwhelming evidence that Epstein was murdered, at this point would you guys consider the idea that Epstein killed himself to be the conspiracy?
Another relevant Card?
These are their talking points regarding Epstein.
Does Epsteins death warrant a "protest"? Damn confusing times
I gotta agree there
Is r/conspiracy being bombarded with Epstein posts on purpose?
Obviously Suicide
Ghislaine Maxwell’s family history &amp; their ties to Mossad &amp; the Russian Mafia.
The Martian Mystery
Anyone believe this garbage?
You OK Google?
People in power love to propagate their own conspiracy theories, and deny what they're propagating is a conspiracy theory. Then when ordinary people propose "conspiracy theories" to explain suspicious official behavior, they get dismissed as crank conspiracy theorists
The Epstein disinformation playbook.
#Exposethem - Epstein suicide HELP
“Suicide”
The antivax conspiracy was developed by the russians to compromise our health and security
What going to happen with the attack torrmorow?
/r/epstein removed
The real reason they killed Epstein was because he knew all the past murders they've done to cover it up. (I posted this comment on youtube but it got deleted :/
Clinton kill list!
Get a load of this trash. "The reported cause of death was suicide—but the conspiracy-mongers were already springing into action."
We need to have some heroes raid Epstein's Virgin Islands properties &amp; look for video surveillance tapes. The US government/feds have proven whose side they are on by letting Epstein get murdered before the rich &amp; powerful pedo network came to light.
Epstein and related tweets aren’t trending now on Twitter...
Is Epstein a distraction?
The body you saw of Epstein is NOT Epstein
Epstein cover up story incoming
Twitter replaces Clinton body count with trump body count, no bias....
Hm.. this is big brain time.
Was just refreshing my Twitter to see what the trending tags were. #EpsteinMurder just disappeared from the list.
Why did it take so long for the pedo to get arrested?
Does this whole thing not seem wierd re Epstein
What is going on in San Francisco Tomorrow, About rumored attacks.
It is coming
Which world leader/billionaire you think that is NOT a pedophile?
Epstein is not dead
Here comes the media wave to discredit us. Brace yourself.
Prince Andrew likely to be dragged deeper into the Epstein sex slave scandal, as the FBI inquiry into the "suicide" of the billionaire paedophile will switch to his associates, focusing on the prince's friend Ghislaine Maxwell.
ShareBlue Giving talking points to the press! Leaked Email!!!!!!!!
Why isn’t the left more critical of rap and hip hop?
...No, you don’t say.
Yo Jeffrey, I'm really happy for you, I'mma let you finish, but Andrew Breitbart had one of the best arkancide cover-ups of all time! OF ALL TIME!
So people aren't buying the narrative that Epstein committed suicide. Who, then, is going to be scapegoated as responsible for his murder?
🤔🤔
All of Epstein's associates and friends should be referred to as (Alleged) child rapist....
Deborah Palfrey was going to release the names of all the politicians her escorts serviced. An escort said she was going to testify and bring them down too. Just like Epstein, they were hanged just days before court proceeding began
Possible links between huge scandals that are bad for politicians and large media scandals? In light of Epstein’s death I’m pretty scared for America’s public. Big news that looks bad for the powerful always ends up bad for the people
#GoldenGate and #811 - August 11th, 2019 - Explored in depth. FF on sched for tomorrow?
Considering the news today and all the finger pointing going on I figured this leaked legal document regarding a child rape allegation against Epstein should be talked about. (Link to full document in SS)
Something doesn’t sit right with me regarding Jeffrey Epstein’s death. And it has nothing to do with him or his suicide. J.E. is just another means to an end. That end being a jackpot; not for those in power; but those who control the power.
All about Maxwell
Interesting: Federal Bureau of Prisons sttill has Epstein listed as an inmate?
Random thought I just had. Did anyone ever look into the postal shootings from years ago? Government workers, wrote off as being disgruntled.
Did he know all along/participate? Trump commenting on Epstein in 2002 "It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side."
President Trump retweets conspiracy theories the Clintons were involved in Jeffrey Epstein's suicide
Alpha as fuck
Makes you wonder a little,as to what actually happened.
He was right
Unity
Trump retweets Epstein conspiracy theory, claiming Clinton connection
YouTuber getting drone footage of Epstein’s private island
What's your take on Epstein regarding a few scenarios?
Epstein and all related topics are no longer trending on twitter...
Despite being a college drop-out, Epstein was hired in 1973 by Donald Barr, an ESPIONAGE AGENT and headmaster at Manhattan’s private Dalton School (1964–74), as a calculus and physics teacher. There Epstein taught from 1974 to 1976.
Who killed Mr Epstein?
'XOXO Hillary and Bill' is scrawled across the entrance to Jeffrey Epstein's home Evidently Bill &amp; H Clinton are all smiles today after Epstein's 'suicide'. Where is Prince Andrew today?
Trump is either powerless or in on it everybody with a brain predicted epstein's suicide doesn't trump have the power to keep him alive??
Well then....
Trump Just Retweeted Epstein + Clinton Murder Conspiracy. 1 Million Views and Climbing
CIA coined term “conspiracy theorist”
Interesting insight into the strong opposition against Tulsi Gabbard by DNC establishment
Everyone’s reaction to todays news about Epstein
Jeffery Epstein "Suicide" linked to Natacha Jaitt's "Suicide"?
With influx of new people to this sub, maybe 'conspiracy theorists' are not longer being dismissed as uniformly backwards lunatics. What are some famous conspiracy theories that have--with release of evidence--been confirmed as factual?
So front page says Congress will investigate..
Was Jeffrey Epstein the biggest Friday night news dump of all time?
Why didn’t they just have another inmate shank Epstein? Pedos get killed in prison all the time.
Regarding Epstein's Suicide Watch Status
This isn't suspicious at all
[Request] Where can people view a concise list of the various powerful men we know for sure traveled with and associated with Epstein?
Epstein news has slid the entire forum
Another day, another normie awakens...
Nothing to see here
What are some r/conspiracy recommended TV shows and movies?
2 of Epstein's planes (tail # N212JE &amp; N120JE) are blocked from view on flightaware now. This article was written less than 1 month ago with flight histories. Can anyone get realtime data on these planes? Where are his planes now?
Let’s not forget this too.
Epstein died at 66 years &amp; 6,69 months of age
Yes the ClA spies on people through their smart TV's
Epstein bragged of introducing Melania to Trump
Watching Netflix series "The Family" while in the wake of Jeffery Epsteins death
After Epstein bombshell, who else is in danger of being "suicided"? Ghislaine Maxwell maybe, who else?
This is my best way of coping with how frustrating this all is.
Trump Tweets Regarding #TrumpBodyCount Trending.
William Barr's father (who hired college dropout Epstein to teach at an elite school taught by PhDs) apparently wrote a novel about an alien sex slave ring. In other news, William Barr vows to get to the bottom of how Epstein died under his watch.
Let’s not forget.
#TrumpBodyCount is number 5 on Twitter while everything with “Epstein” or “Clinton” is gone. Interesting...
Me,after Epstein got suicided.
Proof of Epstein being dead
Nice timing
Redditor predicts death of Jeffrey Epstein day before his alleged suicide, claims the comment was removed. From r/News (link in comments)
Former MCC Inmate: There’s No Way Jeffrey Epstein Killed Himself
My take on Epstein's suicide.
[theory] Game publishers coming out with monthly subscription services for games and future game streaming like stadia could be convincing governments officials to blame mass shooting on video games and convincing stores to pull games off their shelves to profit.
Babys are psychopathd
This feels like the season finale of the first season of "President"
Supreme Court Associate Justice Kavanaugh, AG Barr and Alex Acosta all came from Kirkland And Ellis (the same firm that defended Epstein)
Missing since 2016, bi-sexual heiress/pimp with Oceanic charity experience...
Barr's Father Connected To Epstein
Arrest Ghislaine Maxwell &amp; public needs to demand video surveillance while she is held. Otherwise the 'elite' criminal creepy pedophiles win.
The archetypal conspiracy: against what we can do, what we want to keep doing
The last briefing
Nothing will change, But
We should cancel the Simpsons due to Matt Groening involvement with Epstein
Is the fix in? - Prosecutor Maurene Comey on Jeffrey Epstein Case?
They timed this one really well after today's event
Dear visitors to r/conspiracy. Thank you for coming to talk about Jeffery Epstein. Now that you see shadowy figures can do nefarious things we hope you will take some time and learn about the real conspiracy that rules the world, the control of money. You'll never see the world the same way again.
When you google Bill Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein the top result is a picture of Trump and Epstein. Remember Google doesnt try to control the narrative.
Call for Action: Make #arrestGhislaineMaxwell trend across social media
8/11/19 Earthquake already being searched by many on Google
Do I need to say anymore?
Internal e-mail from ShareBlue outlines playbook following Epstein’s murder
Writer for Wapost says Epstein's death is unfathomable, writes article about it.
Jerry Epstein alive and post mortem...
AI pioneer Marvin Minsky accused of sex with Epstein trafficking victim
Mostly just a joke, but...
Well lookey there.
Comparison of Epstiens “Dead” and Alive Faces.
The Mossad just murdered a high profile liability in a high security federal correctional facility. How much more evidence is needed of Israel's complete control of the US government?
This all seems odd to me
A friend and I highlighted all of the key differences between the two photos for those of you having trouble spotting them. another user posted this collage earlier today.
Self explanatory
Can anyone help me learn more about the Epstein child sex trafficking conspiracy?
CBS News journalist Ben Swann did a "Reality Check" on P****gate... he no longer works for CBS News
Please tell me that "Prince" Andrew doesn't have diplomatic immunity from child molestation or some bullshit like that.
how did i do
Thread on /r/politics about congress calling for investigation into the death of Jeffery Epstein
Tell me it ain’t true
Just gona leave this here
What are your favorite conspiracy theory?
I love it when a plan comes together
Is there a limit to the fat you can gain in a 24 hour period?
Need epstein/pizzagate/ nxivm info for people new to this topic.
The Details of Events that will take place 8/11.
Explain
ShareBlue trying to twist the narrative about Epstein.
Epstine Debrief
The news about Epstein made me make an edit.
BREAKING: Evidence Reveals Jeffrey Epstein Didn't Commit Suicide But Was âHillaryâdâ
Is there any log of the full Pizzagate theory left?
Conspiracy theorists point to Jeffrey Epstein’s ear as proof of faked suicide
Alive Jerry vs jailhouse post suicide....
Possible Epstein idea that hasn’t been talked about yet. Witness Protection
Guys we made it to the news!
Jeffrey Epstein prediction: We will soon discover that there is no footage of his death, his body will not be autopsied properly, it will be a quick burial, but most of all his death will have been at the hands of some sort of red cloth.
People are waking up. I have Not seen one single comment on any other posts on other social media actually believing Jeffrey Epstein committed suicide.
The Hunt
Holy F guys, could the Jeffrey Epstein suicide be the thing that brings the left and right together?
Universal cancels film about american elites who hunt &amp; kill southern states' "deplorables"
Any predictions on what will be fabricated next to get out minds off of the “Epstein Suicide”?
4channer suggested Epstein’s body could have perhaps been switched out
Off/On
There were never any pictures of Osama Bin Laden’s body. There will most likely never be pictures of Jeffrey Epstein’s body.
FUCK'M ALL For Those Confused About Epstein. Is He Really Dead? Ever Even Arrested? What Now? Clinton? Was Trump an Epstein Guy? Bush's Obama's Gotta Be Connected Somehow?! FUCK'M ALL
Does anybody else think Epsteins suicide makes sense?
Anonymous post by a jailhouse worker about what occured night of Epstein suicide
Barr opens IG investigation into Epstein "Suicide"
Could r/conspiracy get framed for 8/11 by TPTB?
#8/10
Jeffrey Epstein didn’t die in prison he was replaced with a dead body and escaped custody
People call me a conspiracy nut. I say I’m informed and ready.
Now we know why there's an FBI crackdown on "conspiracy theorists."
When a high profile person dies in prison due to suicide you roll out their corpse with their face slightly exposed so the media can briefly see it.
Close up of jail photo after death...
Trump is redpilling the nation
Close call
Epstein’s “suicide” impossible... because he was never alive to begin with.
Hmmmm.....
TJDS Live: Jeffrey Epstein Commits Suicide, Coincidence?
I just wish to point out a pattern of wealthy and connected people committing suicide or dying before inevitable convictions...
You know what’s funny about all the MK Ultra lawsuits? They never promised or even said they would stop.
Cauliflower Ear: Identification, Treatment, and More
Went to Epstein's Mansion in New York and saw two people write this outside.
Like most i saw this coming.
So someone wrote on Epstein's Wikipedia page death : "suicide by hanging" (Clinton's suicided him), was removed before I had a chance to screenshot it. Clicked on edits and found it before the page was blocked by further editing.
Jeffrey Epsteins prison guards calling for an ambulance 2019
EPSTEIN BEING DEAD IS A GOOD THING NOT A BAD ONE!
Starting to look like to many people wanted tgis guy dead.
I saw a brilliant meme here about the billionaire CEO of the corporation of the recent ICE raids in Mississippi but can't find it now, where'd it go?
RT if you’re not surprised
There was a camera on Jeffrey Epstein every single day, 24/7 until a few days ago. There has been no explanation give as to why the cameras were shut off.
Social Media Thoughts
Where can I get a full compilation and breakdown of all PizzaGate evidence?
Is it a coincidence more than 200,000 people are attending Outside-Lands over the weekend located at Golden gate park?
8/11 conspiracy Golden Gate Bridge vs Golden Gate Park?
Suicide watch
Sorry if this has already been posted but I just came across it and had to!
Jailhouse Epstein photo....
Jeffrey Epsteins prison guards calling for an ambulance 2019
Relevant Clinton Body Count Death List
Could Epstein still be alive
Steele says Epstein may be on a plane to Israel. Until we see a highly identifiable body, accept this as true.
Epstein at least tried to escape and fake his own death
Anti-Russian propaganda in full swing on reddit...
The most ambitious crossover event of all time
Epstein Jail Worker anonymous post?
Wow, did they ever murder that guy or what?
Michael Bloomberg was just asked a question about Epstein and immediately got defensive...
Any good videos or books explaining the Kabalah/Kabal?
What an absolute load of bollocks. They think we're stupid
Nose and ears differ... Bourdain’s suicide never made sense... until now.
My noggin be joggin so fast
The Name of Jesus Makes Demoniacs Projectile Green Vomit
Epstein to be be Cremated (against Jewish tradition) and his cremains will be buried before Sundown Tonight. No autopsy.
I must confess...
People are waking up. Getting 60K+ upvotes on a default sub is no easy task.
A thought on Epsteins suicide
Alternative theory: it’s not suicide, it’s not murder. He’s alive. Thoughts?
Am I right? Or amirighhhht?!
Russian explosion looks like a nuke to me
Sometimes we all turn into conspiracy theorists
User on here called something today months ago. I’m completely astounded.
Epstein suicide is actually a hoax. [Theory, Wild]
Pretty sure 8chan has been down for a while now.. oopsies.
San Diego Cops Used Streetlamps To Spy On The Public More Than 140 Times
So will there be resignations or firings over this high profile suicide/murder? The guy died under somebody's watch.
Jeffrey Epstein was an errand boy sent by grocery clerks to collect a bill...
The fire has been fuelled and its greater than ever, don't let it burn out
Barking up a dead Epstien Tree
This guy is tweeting that there was a cam malfunction at the prison when Epstein suicided himself.
I won't believe Epstein hanged himself until I see the Logan Paul video for myself.
Missing kids from the 1980's?
Anonymous Insider: "Last night after 0415 count they took [Epstein]... in a wheelchair but no traige nurse says they spoke to him. Next... a trip van shows up? We do not do releases on weekends unless judge orders. Guy in a green dress military outfit was in back of van according to tower guy.
How many of you would describe yourselves as "anti-capitalist"? I can't bring myself to trust corporations/business after everything I've learned.
TPTB reaction to Epstein awaiting trial...
Jeffrey Pedostein really is dead.
Marked Safe
Can’t wait to hear this bullshit story
Put your poultical opinion aside. Trump is the president and was friends with epstein. The same way Clinton had bodies while President, Trump is equally guilty. Trump can order a CIA suicide and likely did. The market would collapse if Trump was outed.
Is this legit!?
I’m posting it here because where else
Epstein Flight Manifests: Let's not let the HUGE Doc Dump from last night get lost in the shuffle with JE's death. I see LOTS of names here: Dershowitz, T.Blair?, Bill CLinton, Nicole Junklermann, Etc. What names do YOU see?
Is it possible that the FBI faked his death in order to protect him?
Epstein's death and its implications for the average person
Animal Farm - Orwell
I want to see the CCTV footage.
From 4chan, but still
"Someone Is Trying To Kill Me," Said Epstein to Guards Two Weeks Ago
The FBI have refused providing this information to members of Congress who have been asking for it. I see why now. At least 2 people arrested for extremism last year worked for the government and are having their identities protected.
Marina Joyce missing again! Boyfriend says she’s safe...
And just like that people have forgotten about the mass shootings
So where do we go from here?
Bob Fitrakis, an investigative journalist who has been working on Epstein since '97 called his murder 2 weeks ago.
Jewish officials: 9/11-style response needed against white supremacists
Source confirms Jeffrey Epstein was NOT suicidal
Doesn’t this stuff surrounding Epstein further legitimize pizza gate?
Got em.
The mods on conspiracy are not your friends. They are the enemy
‘ His behavior left a lingering feeling: Jeffrey Epstein’s life
Very important documentaries: please watch and share
Barking up a dead Epstien Tree
-= 1 7 =- + Tomorrow chance of severe storm. Enjoy the calm
Just hanging around with my good bud Bill
We Simply Do Not Know What is Going On
Suicide (non-)watch: What we know about Jeffrey Epstein’s death... and what we don’t
Regarding Epstein: Investigators should be questioning Epstein's guards
#ClintonBodyCount (91K Tweets) replaced with #TrumpBodyCount (29k Tweets)
Leaked photo of Epstein dead in cell after apparent suicide
I would’ve bet everything I have
All possiblities regarding the Jeffery Epstein suicide.
Hit me with your best documentaries.
"camera malfunction" in the Jeffrey Epstein prison
Epstein told guards someone was out to get him.
Saw this on Twitter from someone claiming to work at the Manhattan jail in which Epstein was found dead today... whether or not his/her identity can be confirmed it’s definitely an interesting statement
Norway mosque shooting: Man opens fire on Al-Noor Islamic Centre
Epstein &amp; The Illuminati - The Illuminati needs underage girls for their recruitment initiation of pedophilia! Where do you think they got their girls! With everyone who is anyone now in the Illuminati, and a surging membership - where do you think all the victims come from! They have to be traffick
Jeffrey Epstein told guards that someone tried to KILL HIM weeks before he hanged himself
Epstein's prison guards were dismissed for cell and hallway maintenance just prior to his death. Oh yea and the security cameras also broke at the same time.
Who gets Epstein’s money?
An Open Letter to Everyone who has forever Mocked us Conspiracy Theorists
Epstein died of ‘suicide’, discuss here?
DEMAND that the prison that held Epstein investigate his death!
Reddit suggesting people to ‘take a break’ from the news today.
Me going to r/conspiracy after the Epstein news
Every news outlet vs. every American right now.
Epstein and Assange in protective custody. Sold as a suicide to the MSM cause MSM is enemy. Mass arrests to commence possibly tomorrow. MSM will order the hypnotized to revolt. Civil Unrest quelled quickly by military.
Every description of Epstein has him in the Foetal Position when he is found. Reminds me of a Manga trope: A character is seen in the fetal position before or after going through some kind of "rebirth". I’m sure you’ve heard the theory already but maybe Epstein’s off to start a new life somewhere?
Washington Post reporter Carol Leonnig reports that Jeffrey Epstein told authorities someone tried to kill him in a previous incident weeks ago, and that people close to him now fear that he was murdered
The Truth About What Is Happening On This Planet - The Pedophilia is just the tip of the iceberg! People are getting Dumber &amp; Fatter, The Never-Ending Wars continue, the Mainstream Media is culpable for everything since 9/11 - The Poison in the Food, Water &amp; Air - all connected - Are we Farm Animals
A word of caution
In Belgium the arrest and testimony of Marc Dutroux threatened to expose a bourgeoise pedophile ring. There were mass protests and cover up allegations, and after hundreds of witnesses went missing or were found dead, the ruling class wriggled out of it. Don't let them get away with it again.
Prediction: they will release video surveillance footage purporting to show Epstein's suicide
Search transgender murderers and then female murderers.
Whos your money on?
Fake suicide is the #1 way the FBI puts people into witness protection, globally. The FBI is your enemy.
Woke Kennedy conspiracy
My favorite Epstein Tale- VASELINE AND LOTION!
Who are the suspects of Epstein’s murder?
Waco was Pedogate
Three Shooters Wearing Black Tactical Gear: Eyewitness Testimonies From El Paso and San Bernardino
Interesting....
Statement from someone who allegedly was at the Manhattan jail in which Epstein was found dead today...
Epstein's "suicide"
Is Epstein even dead?
Epstein is not dead.
Reminder: CNN's Cuomo was already in "damage control mode" a month ago trying to drown Epstein speculation
Jeffrey Epstein found dead of 'apparent suicide' this comes right after most of the documents from the case were unsealed and he was mysteriously removed from suicide watch. They want his death to make the story die. Now is the time to demand even more answers.
Who do you think is behind Epstein’s “Suicide” if you suspect foul play?
The false left-right paradigm
Found this on Twitter. Someone got to explain it all to their coworkers today 🤭
Would Epstein have a dead man's switch?
Everyone just wants to fit in and be accepted
This is the email shareblue is spreading.
NYTimes photo. Face shows petechial blotching consistent with strangulation
Agreed!
Is it too soon for there to be memes?
The most important Case/Trial to expose the elite child trafficking ring around the world just went in the toilet, and all they can tell us is beware of fake online relationships???
Well Lyndon La Rouche called it.
Epstein pictures.. Keep it alive!
Jeffery Epstein isn't dead, We have Him. Ignore Mainstream Media.
Where do we go when this sub gets banned?
I just got this ‘remindme!’ reminder about a post 3 months ago predicting something big for 8/11
Left, right, neither--the vast, vast majority of Americans are decent, honest, hardworking people who love their family and friends. We have much more in common with each other than the ruling classes and oligarchs who can only succeed by dividing us. Do not fall for it.
Hmm
BREAKING: Jeffrey Epstein Found DEAD in Jail ONE DAY After Damning Document Dump Featuring the Elite
Feels like they just pulled off another 9/11 operation. Epstein "suicide" was some Mission Impossible type of shit. I wish I could have seen it go down...
They're bringing up videogames to get you outraged about something other than the gun grab
Hillary Clinton Body Count continues with Jeffrey Epstein the latest addition
(Stormtroopers' 9/11) Is this Mocking us or Joining us? It could go either way IMHO.
Epstein...hmmmm
It’s not “Trump or Clinton” it’s “TRUMP *AND* CLINTON”
If Epstein's body was found at 6:30am, why did the NY Times have an article about it around midnight?
Warning!
Wow. Got our work cut out for us today
NO PROOF; JUST THOUGHT
Monsanto paid for the anti-vaccination movement on social media
In the wake of the Epstein “suicide”
Is Jeffrey Epstein's "suicide" the biggest conspiracy story since 9/11?
Photos of Epstein on stretcher?
Today we aren't partisans, today we are Americans.
Epstein's Take-Down as Shot Across the Bow
Things like the Jerry Epstein case make me believe there is some sort of New World Order
I'm almost 100% positive on two things tomorrow.
Is this case ever gonna see the light of day?
Marvels "Jessica Jones" hidden messages?
All Shareblue hands needed for the Epstein murder.
I was reading about Skinwalker Ranch (an area in Utah) which had a lot of UFO/paranormal sightings. In 2016 it was bought by a shell corp and is now basically in lock down mode. Any one have any more info?
BBC’s Megha Mohan wrote on Twitter, “So many questions now. One being how Epstein could have killed himself at MCC Manhattan – the jail where the 1993 World Trade Centre bomber as well as El Chapo was held. It’s supposed to have the strictest security and be ‘tougher than Guantanemo Bay.'”
I see blood. Is the neck brace concealing something?
How did Epstein come to light in the MSM/Criminal Charges?
Hmmm
Satan is Planning Global EMP in order for us to Accept the Mark of the Beast
Democrat or Republican, Black or White, North American or Chinese... Always Remember This
An old Hillary Clinton conspiracy theory finds new life in Jeffrey Epstein news, updated
After the Epstein “suicide” many people are like...
If we don’t get PROOF that Epstein is dead. Don’t assume that he is.
Chapo is on to something here.
Jeffery Epstein was MURDERED!!!
SEND THIS TO THE TOP 1.0k LIKES SOLID EVIDENCE ECONOMICS DEPARTMENTS TEACH BULLSHIT LOANS CREATE DEPOSITS
Clinton's Strike again - Jeffrey Epstein Dead in apparent "Suicide" at Manhattan Jail
Instead of “video games make people violent” we should be more focused on how millions of dollars make people pedophiles.
That time in 2012 when Obama mocked Mitt Romney for claiming that Russia was our biggest geopolitical threat
ShareBlue already correcting the record
On a positive note, maybe this is what unites us?
Epstein wasn't on suicide watch at time of his death: reports
everything im seeing on social media is about trumps connections to epstein &amp; ignoring the clintons EXPANSIVE LIST of connections to him. this is why this country is so dumb: people are still choosing sides when all the elite are doing the same things 🤦🏽‍♂️
The Epstein Whitewash Plan: The next false flag will happen in Portland, OR on 8/11 or in the upcoming week. I am very comfortable with my assertion and I have a theory/materials to support my argument inside.
The Vanity Fair article from March 2003, penned at a time before his depravities were known,names Queen Elizabeth as one of Epstein’s clients. Along with this info, Nobel Prize Winner Murray Gell-Man mentions there are “always pretty ladies around” when he dines at Epstein’s.
Epstein absent from /r/popular
I was wondering what you know about NSA and if they are involved in the Epstein thing? Don’t know where else to go.
Jeff Epstein was blackmailing Prince Andrew for a foreign power, and the UK told the US to do something about it.
Report: ‘Camera Malfunction’ in Epstein’s Prison Cell Prevented Recording of His Alleged Suicide - Does it get any fishier than this?
I find this interesting
Think Logically!
Mi6: Jeff Epstein was blackmailing Prince Andrew for a foreign power, and the UK told the US to do something about it.
The earth is an egg.
The ears don’t match up
Common Weed Killer Makes Male Frogs Lay Eggs
Kind of sums up what's on conspiracy and non conspiracy theorists minds right now.
The Epstein thing is an exercise in mind control.
Where can I watch a lot of conspiracy videos? I miss the days when I could fo down multiple youtube rabbit holes
The seed of knowledge of good and evil has been planted
All of us right now
EPSTEIN AND NXIVM Judges Were BOTH Appointed by BILL CLINTON
Media is saying Epstein hanged himself and that he was rushed to hospital in cardiac arrest. How can both be true?
Open carry gun/trump rally happening at the same time as pride parade in Eugene OR today.. worrisome with todays news/ others warnings of possible distractions occuring. stay safe everyone.
Surprise surprise. Apparently Jeffery Epstein was taken off suicide watch some time in the last 2 weeks for reasons that remain unknown
Why do so many Epstein articles explicitly say "suicide", when that goes against journalistic ethical guidelines that have been in place for over a year?
JEFFERY EPSTEIN tried to commit suicide once you would have thought that they would have taken extra precautions to make sure that didn't happen, hmm that is so interesting.
How was it that Jeffrey Epstein was able to "kill" himself under suicide watch at the same Manhattan correctional facility where El Chapo and many notorious psychos where held under "the toughest security" This New York times article cover says it all
BBC’s Megha Mohan wrote on Twitter, “So many questions now. One being how Epstein could have killed himself at MCC Manhattan – the jail where the 1993 World Trade Centre bomber as well as El Chapo was held. It’s supposed to have the strictest security and be ‘tougher than Guantanemo Bay.'”
Make Sure Julian is Safe
ShareBlue official Jeffrey Epstein talking points to staff (Do not link to court docs, Do link Trump to Epstein)
With Epsteins "suicide" and MSM's hate for Trump, will this be more thoroughly investigated by the media?
Wikipedia Definition of Suicide Watch
So how is Q going to spin this one? Here’s what he’s going to say.
The top result when you google Bill Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein is a picture of Trump and Epstein
Never forget, Hillary Clinton defended a child rapist and laughed about the case years later in an interview
John Mcafee: "I was stunned by Epstein's suicide, though probably not as much as Epstein himself."
Epstein Legal questions
McAfee says it how it is
Dead Men Tell No Tales - Paul Watson
The Epstein "suicide" is being used to further divide the United States
I don’t care where you belong on the political spectrum, Epstein “killing himself” should enrage you. I’m this goes way beyond Trump/Clinton and involves many people in power. This has to stop.
Jeffery Epstein was MURDERED!!!
Epstein victims lawyer - "Trump was the only one cooperated, and the information he provided was helpful"
Report: ‘Camera Malfunction’ in Epstein’s Prison Cell Prevented Recording of His Alleged Suicide
BREAKING: Two guards at the MCC (Mass. Correctional Center) who normally have overnight shift that watches over suicide risk inmates, were both told to leave area 3 hours earlier for scheduled "Maintenance" to jail cells and hallways. This morning Epstein was found dead
Jeffrey Epstein told guards and inmates that someone tried to KILL HIM weeks before alleged suicide. (Daily Mail)
Pedophiles run the world. Here is another look at the complete list of all of John Podesta's emails that are clearly coded.
Nothing fishy here
There are 8,000 more pedophiles hiding out in the Roman Catholic Church, according to Pope Francis.
DON'T FORGET: Billionaire sex offender Jeffrey Epstein once claimed he helped found Clinton Foundation as he touted close relationship with former president during plea bargain negotiations
Sandy Hook,Hogg, and 9/11/2001 have something in common.
Maybe the msm is gonna be useful..??
Pedophiles run the world. Here is another look at the complete list of all of John Podesta's emails that are clearly coded.
Epstein predictions for the next few days
A Simple Reminder...
Golden Gate Bridge
Chapo is on to something
After Epstein's suicide, conspiracy theories flourish online
The Family on Netflix?
#TrumpBodyCount comes out of nowhere and ends up second, then fourth in American tweet trends.
Donald Trump blackmailed by the Epstein network? Trump appoints Alex Acosta, who gave Epstein the sweetheart immunity deal. In 2002, Trump said he had "known Jeff for 15 years". Trump flew on Epstein's private jet, per flight logs.
80% of my feed is Epstein-related stories. I’ll be shocked if there isn’t a MAJOR false flag in the next 48 hours. See something say something.
1944–1956: Radioactive nutrition experiments on retarded children by Harvard and MIT - AHRP
Very important documentaries: please watch, save and share
What happened to Epstein: “Trump and Clinton mafia send their regards”
ShareBlue already attempting to correct the record
People say, “Chinese/Russian governments control the media.” But every single US mainstream / corporate media repeats that “Epstein committed suicide.” Total propaganda. If this happened in a Russian/Chinese jail, every one of these fu*kers would scream “MURDER!” #EpsteinMurder
Theory: Epstein’s “suicide” faked by white hats. Done to get more eyes on the new docs and move up timeline of trial (was next June). Everything of Epstein’s is now admissible in the case, defendants can no longer motion to suppress evidence.
twitter is physically manipulating the trending algorithm
Former Fed Inmate Explains How Epstein Suicide Was Not Possible
Do these really look like the same person?
#Exposethem - Epstein Cover Up HELP
This, but unironically
How do you commit suicide via heart attack?
YouTube search results for ‘pizzagate’. Censored to be a “hoax” or “ridiculous conspiracy theory”
Anyone have a take on this one?
McAfee is stunned
Leaked ShareBlue email - "Don't deny the conspiracy, shift it to Trump"
Suspect Still at Large
In wake recent of mass shootings and Epstein "suicides"...
McAfee says it how it is
The escape from Alcatraz is full of holes.
Clinton Body Count hashtag is now overtaken by "#TrumpBodyCount". Interesting...
Side by side photo of Jeffery Epstein alive and dead [nsfw]
Jeffrey Epstein follow the money
With Epstein dead it will be easier to implicate whoever the owners of the show want to implicate -- and bring down
Topical
What Happens Now to All the Investigations Into Jeffrey Epstein?
I don't even know how to spell her name correctly
Epstein will do more to redpill the masses than we could ever do shouting from the rooftops. If you're new, come say hi!
So is this what really happened to Epstein?
REALLY?!?!?
Jeffrey Epstein Suicide
EPSTEIN'S SUICIDING WILL NOW SPARK A REVOLUTION
never forget
YouTube used EnchantedLifePath puts together evidence that Jeffery Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell could have been turning trafficked children's remains into Diamonds
Look at the 2 minute mark they say he's still in the watch, YESTERDAY
Sandy Hook,Hogg, and 9/11/2001 have something in common.
Why is nobody mentioning this. This is insane.
Remember guys its just a ride
Watching the MSM all day long I cannot help but notice, that despite much stronger Epstein ties to the Clinton's, all anyone seems to highlight are his ties to Trump. In fact, I have not even heard the word "Clinton" the entire day thus far.
Hes not dead.
Coincidence Outside-Lands Music festival is taking place in Golden gate park, San Francisco tomorrow. On Aug 11 2019?
Epstein is alive.
Epstein's corpse raising suspicions on twitter
#TrumpBodyCount overtakes #ClintonBodyCount on Twitter trends
That escalated quickly!
Anyone noticed the wording used in all the Epstein suicide articles?
Epstein Suddenly isn't World News Anymore on Reddit WTF? There Can be no doubt now REDDIT is Forced NARRATIVE
Princess Diana and Epstein.
I wonder if any of these suicides involve Wiener's laptop and are they related to Epstien as well?
Convenient
" I feel bad for the hobo that had to die"
Breaking: leaked documents show White House is planning executive order allowing mass Internet censorship
Monsanto was found guilty of chemical poisoning in Landmark case. The French court in Lyon ruled that Monsanto’s Lasso weedkiller formula, which contains the active ingredient alachlor, caused Paul Francois to develop lifelong neurological damage that manifests as several health problems.
This is the only place I knew to post this
Documents revealed that the CIA worked with several newspapers, including the L.A. Times, to destroy Gary Webb, the journalist who exposed the CIA's cocaine smuggling connections.
Just learned about the Epstein story for the first time. Where do I go to "learn it all"
The occult symbolism of Saturn.
They are distracting you with GUN BANS and many other things because EPSTEIN ELITE PEDOPHILIA RING
The CIA and Operation Mockingbird.
Some background about the way shadow bannings increased after the Chinese owned Tencent invested heavily on reddit.
Massive Fire Spotted On Private Island Owned By Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein
After the Argentinan farming communities started using Monsanto products on 1996 the country started having a lot of cases of hypothyroidism, chronic respiratory illnesses and different types of cancer.
Jeffrey Epstein, suspected of having Mossad connections, was killed on Tisha B'Av, a day to be "destined for tragedy."
Epstein recruited his victims through Mar-a-Lago
indulge me...I may be off but?
In the 1940s through the 1960s, the Quebec government collaborated with the Catholic Church to falsely certify 20,000 "orphaned" children as mentally ill and confine them to psychiatric institutions. The orphans were then subjected to medical experimentation and sexual abuse.
What can we do?
The media Propaganda gaslighting has already started
How it all connects
Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez says 'We need answers. Lots of them' after Epstein is found dead in jail cell.
Epstein wasn't on Suicide Watch
A playlist concerning Jeffrey Epstein's death created by the official YouTube "News" Channel.
More ! We need MORE posts about Epstein !
Is it safe to browse and post on r/conspiracy? It 4chan a better inlet for information?
Donald Trump Is a Time Traveler and I Can Prove It
Prediction: Golden Gate Bridge gets blown up tomorrow
That picture of Epstein "dead" is not even him. "Damn this needs to blow up. His nose and what part of his ear canal you can see in the second picture don’t look alike at all I understand people age but I mean damn" - u/MitraGenie
epstein summary?
Massive Fire Spotted On Private Island Owned By Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein
It almost feels like they are waving this in our face and bragging...
Epstein NOT dead: Look, his hands are clenched on gurney. Also looks like different person on gurney?
A New INVESTIGATIVE Federal Force to Focus On Smaller Cases
What do we do now? How can we demand justice is still fought for the young girls that have had their lives ruined?
Does anyone else see the truth hiding in plain sight as TPTB are so apt to wave in our face?
Read before you post, please!
If you believe in god, I swear the “Illuminati” is the antichrist on earth. That sums it up right there
I tried posting this on The_Donald but they deleted it, Twitter is promoting #trumpbodycount and removing #clintonbodycount from many people's feeds
Jeffrey Epstein is still alive
They’re all a part of the same rich boys club. #ClintonBodyCount #TrumpBodyCount Hashtag them both!
We need the NYPD officers who saw the stuff on Weiners' laptop to come forward, all this Epstein stuff ties them all together I guarantee it.
Welp we all called it.
Wow. This tweet echoes what's going around about tomorrow.
THE US GOVERNMENT KILLED THE HEAD OF A MOSSAD GLOBAL SEX TRAFFICKING OPERATION DESIGNED TO SATE THE DEPRAVED PERVERSIONS OF THE PEDO-ELITE WHILST SERVING AS THE MEANS TO ENTRAP PROMINENT FIGURES IN COMPROMISING POSITIONS.
We already have petitions going around to show Epstein’s body. How about we do something useful. Let’s petition to have the criminal proceedings continued to make sure we catch all the scumbags involved and convict Epstein posthumously and charge everyone else involved.
Time to delete all social media?
I refreshed my page and r/conspiracy dropped from my front page
The gaslighting propaganda starts after Epstein's inevitable "suicide"
Gotta love Twitter
Links to the 2000 page Epstein document
For the past several years I have been publishing a graphic novel series about deep state human trafficking. Here is a relevant page in light of today's news.
New to sub; what's the deal with #clintonsbodycount?
Epstein wasn't on suicide watch at time of his death: reports
At least people are speaking up
Not sure if repost, sent to me by a friend. From 4chan I think. Hints at Epstein still being alive?
NEW INVESTIGATIVE FEDERAL FORCE
Clinton supporters on Epstein before arrest: Not a word. Not a single word. After his arrest: "Trump and Epstein are best buddies!"
Some problems with the Epstein on a gurney photos that the Post published.
Something fishy must be going on at Long John Silver’s
Epstein
I'm lost for words. I've really seen the world for what it is. Jeffrey Epstein is dead.
Epstein is dead!!!!
Epstein is dead !!!!
Epstein was not on Suicide watch
Schneider's Bakery (privately-owned) is how Dan Schneider continued his abuse and exploitation of underage actors and avoided lawsuits for Nickelodeon.
Chinese Area 51 Complete With Under Ground Facility's And UFO's
Epstein Taken Off Suicide Watch July 29
Yesterday my friend posted this. With Epstein being suicided today, I wouldn't be surprised if there's another "mass shooting" tomorrow.
Reposting for visibility p.. sign the petition to see proof of Epstein's death
No results in r/politics for “Epstein suicide”
How do you hang yourself if you have nothing to hang with?
Pictures taken of Epstein’s body being wheeled away by EMS. Very odd.
F/X (1986) details how to make it look like a high profile individual has died
A "Camera Malfunction"
Ocasio-Cortez demands 'answers' after Epstein found dead in jail cell
Jeffrey Epstein dead.
So what's the REAL conspiracy about Epstein then? The long awaited documents don't reveal anything on high profile people
Something tells me the cameras facing Epstein’s room malfunctioned
If the Golden Gate is destroyed this Sunday, August 11, everybody will forget about Epstein
Donald Trump and Jeffrey Epstein
Since you guys all seems to be experts, what do you think we should do about the epidemic of mass shootings that is ONLY unique to USA?
Machiavelli was the first to call the Epstein "suicide"
Anyone else find it strange that the father of the DOJ head (who oversees the prison where Epstein “committed suicide”) gave Epstein his first job at an elite girls school despite him having no teaching credentials?
Dan Schneider - Nickelodeon Scapegoat
Epstein's Death an addition to the Clintons Body Bag? FOI Act links
Got him.
Anyone really believe Epstein committed suicide? Thought not. Ask questions. Demand answers. Call your congressman and senator. Call your local FBI office. Call the Department of Justice.
Potential red flag shooting spotted before it happened to distract from Epstien suicide?
I have lost complete faith in our Government today
Dan Schneider Wikipedia page locked, no mention of scandals or being let go from Nickelodeon.
Is it true that Twitter removed #clintonbodycount and replaced it with #trumpbodycount?
I encourage everybody here to take a moment to check out Zachary K Hubbard’s video on Jeffrey Epstein’s death
Just when you thought it couldn’t get more ridiculous...
Never forget that Trump hired the man who gave Epstein the sweetheart deal. The same man tried cutting the Sex Trafficking budget by 80%
I don't believe for a second Epstein is dead.
Lets take a moment to appreciate the date.
We knew it would happen
Something will happen between 8/11 and 8/18
Epstein was not on suicide watch, he was upgraded to an assisted suicide cell.
After 3 mass shootings in a month and this Epstein development, I am deeply afraid an (already scheduled) event is going to happen this week that will fan flames and distract from the Epstein debacle: Remember, the wheels on this train don't stop.
REUTERS: Guards did NOT MAKE Scheduled Cell Checks on Epstein Night Before "Suicide"
Millennials; today is your 9/11 moment. Don't waste it!
Photo shows "Epstein" with hands clasped and gripping at something while being wheeled unconscious into New York downtown hospital
Apparently this was posted on 4Chan before the news of Epstein’s “suicide” was made public.
Where is Assange when we need him most
This Epstein business is cleary sketchy, and obvious. makes me think of how they are going to get people to stop talking/thinking about it.
Theory: Epstein isn't dead. He managed to make some sort of deal with someone, (Feds, Elite Pedos, Clinton's, etc.), to fake his death in exchange for silence.
Jesus Christ
How do people not see this laughable stuff now? Jeffery Epstein committed “suicide” in jail because he and the Clintons, AND other elites were kitty fiddlers!
“Suicide”
I don’t believe the full Epstein suicide story either, but can we stop with the ear forensics?
Distraction from Epstein News
Jeffrey Epstein Found Dead in Jail Cell Despite Being on 24/7 Suicide Watch
#Exposethem
Why doesn't anybody consider the fact Epstein killed himself?
Once again, illegal aliens litetally getting away with murder while Americans are in prison for weed. Americans are being treated like a slave class to pay for a welfare state for others.
Ghislaine Maxwell, who procured underage girls and pimped with Epstein is missing
4chan Anon allegedly dropped Epstein news an hour prior to it breaking, had insider knowledge. Not confirmed.
What’s the likelihood Epstein’s method of “suicide” was two to the back of the head?
Huh. Today of all days
My original post got deleted by mods but here is a 4chan post just moments before his death
Just want to congratulate you guys on your upcoming surge of new members
We need answers. Lots of them.
Petition to show Epstein's body - sign here!
He was Murdered
"Don't forget to shave before your big photo Jeffrey!"
'This smells very fishy': Skepticism ensues after shocking Epstein suicide death
Completely unrelated to implicating a future king and Earth's most powerful people, a genius kills himself while cameras are offline and guards aren't looking.
It was a "Jump to Conclusions" mat. You see, it would be this mat that you would put conclusions on it and jump
During police search of Epstein’s home, police noticed it had been “sterilised” with all computer removed
We all know it’s not a suicide...
How did Epstein hamged himself? Using what?
I really thought we had a chance
Epstein: As a nation are we just going to let this happen ?
Jeffrey Epstein’s St. Thomas Network, Comms, And An Elite School; Corey's Digs; 9 Aug 2019
Jumping to conclusions
Try Google-ing Epstein Sui and no suggestion appears except for Epstein Suits
Jeffrey Epstein - Camera Malfunction?
How can the Epstein prosecutors let this go? Who actually has the power to do a full investigation into this "suicide"? This can't get brushed under the rug when the next big fabricated news event occurs.
Epstein and McCaffe are the same people? Faceapp image conversion
Zach Braff tweets “he killed himself-gif” Jeffery Epstein
Top post of Reddit homepage, Two above Epstein suicide.. a video of a COP yelling at woman for locking her dog in the car
This sub is like a fine perfume.
Another Portland Showdown Expected In the Upcoming Week
Hmmm
Ears are like fingerprints and unique to the individual. Are these the same ears? Jeffrey Epsteins corpse with a photo of Epsteins ear layered. You judge
The Christchurch Shooter Video is fake!!! Part 2
New here. It's beyond belief this time.
*** Breaking news *** Epstein's last known visitor
*** Breaking news *** Epstein's last known visitor
found this well made graphic comparison of Epstein/body guy. very telling.
This
Really? They seriously think people will believe that?
Hm
Camera Malfunction where Jeffrey Epstein was locked up?
Epstein was not on suicide watch
Watch for more "suicides", "plane crashes" and "heart attacks" in the coming days.
#ClintonBodyCount trending topic (Twitter) suddenly removed. Replaced with #TrumpBodyCount
It’s all one big club and you’re not in it.
We must all hit up our representatives and demand for Ghislaine Maxwell to be indicted.
it's really hard to get away with routinely assassinating people unless you have the backing of a powerful nation-state with a military and intelligence agencies and sovereign territory and all those nice nation-state things.
Does anyone else feel like 'The excellent Mr. Epstein' is laying low underground in New Zealand?
Brazilian inmate tries to escape prison in a rubber mask disguised as a woman (If a guy in prison can try to pull this off, I think Hollywood/Wexner other Billionaire Pedophile money can you buy you a exact replica along with new face and passport to any where.)
This is a reverse FaceApp image of Epstein’s face from the bbc website
A Ban to guns would only hurt us (potentially)
This thing
EΛST IS UP
Epstein posts being taken down from r/politics for not being political.
Democrats and Republicans after learning of Epstein's "suicide"
Even conservative MSM calls recent Epstein events truly bizarre
Alleged CCTV camera “malfunction” last night where Epstein was locked up
Imagine what a CONTROLLED LEAK of the Epstein files could lead to?
This card is real.
Hmmmmmmm
Reminder: wether Epstein was killed by a 3rd party, or circumstances were created to allow for him to kill himself, his death was still the desired outcome for the party behind these machinations.
Don’t know if this has made it here yet but this is supposedly from 4chan and was posted moments before Epstein’s death
This is what pops up on google when you search about Epatein... why?
Everything we know about Area 51..
Who's directing this movie?
Interesting connection I found
Add another to the Clinton Body Count
Something strange is going on ear
Washington post reporter says Epstein told authorities someone tried to kill him weeks earlier.
Wake up people!
Epstein's Suicide Note Was Found
How the Epstein escape was engineered!
You can’t make this stuff up
Ocasio-Cortez demands 'answers' after Epstein found dead in jail cell
Look at "Epstein's" ear
Anyone here re Epstein...
It isn't a conspiracy if they were straight up telling you the truth...
Bill Clinton says to Hillary this morning, Whats wrong with the Coffee?
Epstein could have faked his death...
MEME THAT MAKE ME LAUGH
Bill Browder Putin’s enemy is connected to Maxwell was exposed.
8/11 Prophecy
/pol leaks 2000 pages of Epstein court docs
Now Epstein is dead, what will happen with all his real estate?
The real reason why he was killed
Why would the medical transporters leave Epstines face uncovered?
The next big social media trend after “10 year challenge” was a filter that accurately simulated our older selves.
Is witness protection a possibility for Epstein’s death?
Hillary on Jeffrey Eipstein "death"
I predict the camera in the prison "malfunctioned."
The time is NOW!
Will this post be deleted by the admins too?
Epsteins corpse with photo of Epsteins ear layered
This sub called it
Ahah.
Hmmm
🤔
Nick Cage best explains the Epstein situation. https://youtu.be/VFZ4Rvxhx5w
I posted this 16 days ago: Whitey Bulger was a FBI informant &amp; Mueller was US Attorney assigned to monitor Bulger. Bulger recently killed in prison. Epstein was FBI informant while Mueller was Director. If anything happens to Epstein he will be 2nd Mueller informant to die in short period of time.
R/conspiracy is on r/all
Important movie, considering current events
Is it just me, or does the Epstein 'body on the gurney' picture show completely different ears than the original Jeffery Epstein?
Anything to it?
The news about Epstein's death are already covered up on Reddit.
CBC gains one more
does anyone know where this image came from? i've tried reverse image search on a few different search engines, and literally NOTHING comes up. i'm asking because that genuinely doesn't look like epstein to me, especially if you compare a side profile pic of him to that pic of him supposedly "dead"
We kind of knew it was coming didn’t we. Epstein suicide
Bill Still Reports: Jeffrey Epstein Dead!
Epstein Suicide Prediction
Here’s how suicide watch typically works
So I think we figured out the real reason as to why that solar observatory was raided and evacuated last year....
"I'm no conspiracy theorist, but..."
Ben Swann Reports: Jeffrey Epstein Dead?
This card is real.
Kansas city shuffle
TFW I finally get to kick back and watch Pizzagate unfold and come to fruition. At long last.
Report: Monsanto paid Google to bury unfavorable news
Beware of the next Distraction to make everyone forget the biggest cover-up this decade
Jeffrey Epstein- WE DESERVE TO SEE HIS BODY BURIED OTHERWISE ITS BULLSHIT
Ex- convict here. I've personally been on suicide watch before and this is why it's BS.
Jeffrey Epstein found dead after apparent 'Suicide'.
Jeffrey Epstein's last moments in jail. Replace guns, firearms, etc with girls.
Jeffrey Epstein died in William Barr's custody. All the Q theories in the world, can't change this one inescapable fact.
Where is JFK's brain, and all of the other autopsy specimens?
Epstein body photo -- successful escape?
4chan user posts 10 minutes before public knowledge of Epstein suicide - possible body switch.
Can someone make the funny tweet edit for Epstein “I have info that will lead to the arrest of Hillary Clinton”
Officials are saying he wasn’t on suicide watch
Pedo Jeffrey Epstein found dead in jail cell
The bill that will kill America is LITERALLY called the TAPS act... You know Taps? The song they play when you die? Doot do-doooo ... doot do-DOOOO... doot do-DO, doot do-DO, doot do-DOOO.... Like, do they do this little tongue in cheek shit on purpose?
Submission statement: With the event that happened today, I think this song is very suited.
Epstein death: Look at the ears in the 2 pictures and compare them to others of Epstein
Ghislaine Maxwell next one on the Clinton kill list.
#1 on trending. At least they aren’t trying to hide it that much
He was on a max-sec prison (same 'El Chapo' was kept in), on a 1:1 24/7 'eyes-on-at-all-times' suicide watch after his last "suicide" attempt...
Does anyone actually believe Epstein committed suicide?
NBC News: Jeffrey Epstein was not currently on suicide watch when he was found in his cell this morning.
With Epstein “suicided”, Here’s A Mountain of Evidence for a massive, state-sponsored International Pedophile Ring
One of Epstein's accusers/victims was an underaged transgender ... I never heard that detail before
We need a leak
Epstein's Dead and I'm the Queen of England
What Goes Around - A Rap Song Everyone Can Appreciate.
What rights will you lose in the next major False Flag?
Mods get a grip
Apparent photo of Jeffrey Epstein as he’s wheeled into Downtown Hospital
""Jeffrey Epstein Suspected Of Attempting Suicide In Jail" Here we go. Who here is going to accept an Epstein suicide? Fuck that." Put this up a few weeks ago. Jesus.
r/politics is hiding every single post about Jeffrey Epstein if you look in hot it doesn’t show up seems super suspicious
Law Enforcement Times: "Epstein Death Not Suicide"
So Epstein dies of suicide while on suicide watch at MCC. Sounds like MCC failed at their duties. Can’t wait for their explanation on that one.
Will the common herd accept the mainstream media narrative?
JEFFREY EPSTEIN SUICIDE - Jeffrey Epstein knew very little of significant importance because it doesn't work the way you think it works
Teamwork
Until we see a body, legit, this guy is NOT dead.
Anyone else think this story about the “missing” Youtuber star Marina Joyce is a plot to distract us from Epstein?
The guy on the stretcher doesn't look like Epstein. Comparison of profile...
Well folks we called it. Even got the timing right!
After hearing this news about Epstein I feel like I'm taking crazy pills
Wasn’t there a post here not too long ago, talking about how on August 10th, or 11th, something big was going to happen?
Suzanne Coleman, another of Bill Clinton’s Mistresses, ‘Commits Suicide’ (According to the Coroner) by a Gunshot Wound to the Back of Her Head (1977)
It’s funny but so true
I guess they let you shave on suicide watch. Seems legit.
Epstein’s Corpse
I don't think they want Epstein dead. I think they want us to think he is dead, so he can be free and set up shop elsewhere. Just a thought, that's all.
Mission Accomplished
If we don’t get the body. we riot .
Probably going to be a fruitless effort but....
Israeli rabbi says Palestinians should be enslaved for their own good - is it any wonder that their intelligence agents (Epstein) traffic in sex slaves?
Epstein
Sex trafficking and secret societies?
Normies are waking up
Love them or hate them the Clinton's get the done.
Epstein .. check out the hair .. is it the same person? hair looks bleached
Bloomberg: Epstein found dead in jail.
Bob Fitrakis calls epstein “suicide” on r/cth AMA
Jeffrey Epstein death: Billionaire paedophile ‘takes his own life in prison’
This is the image of Epstien being wheeled in to the hospital
Guess we know when she will be “committing suicide” - 18th August 2019
So Epstein is dead. Suicide seems to be so coincidental considering he was meant to have information on some very powerful
Before and after the suicide
Jewish official have the audacity to say we need a “911 style response against white supremacists” when they are the real threat to America and the world. Unbelievable
BOP Suicide Watch Policy and Procedures
Sure looks like they faked it to me.
I'm not surprised, even less so that he "died by suicide" but.... fuck.
Texas Shooting right after USA withdrawals from nuclear pact?
It's August 10th, Epstein "committed suicide".
Jeffrey Epstein found dead in jail, officials say
Bloomberg.com: Jeffrey Epstein dies from suicide.
Did they switch out epstein? (Look at nose and read text)
Posts from a week to a month ago warning of what happened today.. We can not let them push this under the rug. The investigation into his disgusting escapades needs to continue.
New meaning to suicide watch. Via wikipedia
Bush Funeral Letters
“I don’t usually believe in conspiracies but wow this is fishy...”
/r/news this morning.
So trump flies on the Lolita express, like Clinton, Epstein recruits young girls at Mar a lago, trump hired the man who gave Epstein his sweet heart deal. But this is Clinton's doing!
I have nothing witty to say other than this whole thing smells awfully fishy
Does this ear match Epstein's?
Just wondering why would r/funny ban me for this post. She mad I asked for a autograph, thought it was Jay-Z
FUCK.
Trump Is Unofficially Abolishing The Fed, Here's How
22k users in conspiracy right now. Do you think the Epstein thing has woken up a few people?
Epstein Found Dead
A big bad event will soon happen in order to distract us from Epstein getting suicided.
Tisha B'Av is regarded as the saddest day in the Jewish calendar and it is thus believed to be a day which is destined for tragedy.
Charles Manson copycat will happen on the night of the 50th anniversary of the La Bianca Murders to distract from Epstein "suicide"
Plot twist: Epstein’s dead triggers deadman switch. (Wishful dreaming)
For people tho think trump is prosecuting sex traffickers and is some how putting people like Epstein away. I call BS. Trump did the sex traffic sanctions to control the sex trafficking via dyn Corp. explain this trumpeters
r/Conspiracy proven right once again.
The population is reaching a tipping point of awareness.
Did anyone see a ramdom foreshadowing message yesterday?
Supposed photo of Epstein's dead body
Epstines first ‘suicide attempt’ was faked to set the stage for a cover to his impending murder
Epstein Committing Suicide While on Suicide Watch is as Believable as 2 + 2 = 5
The popukation is reaching a tipping point of awateness.
Ears look different...
What’s currently trending on twitter but I’m guessing not for long
Anyone else think there's a chance Epsteins not dead?
Believing Epstein Committing Suicide While on Suicide Watch is the same as 2 + 2 = 5
Source: Lay/Epstein team favored to win 2019 member-member golf tournament at Tel Aviv’s Whispering Pines Golf and Polo Club.
So, Epstein's dead man's switch activates ... when?
"Photos show Jeffrey Epstein as he’s wheeled into Downtown Hospital"
Epstein was murdered.
Epstien sent to Antarctic Day Spa for life.
Throughout history EVERY rich + powerful person ALWAYS has had their perfect body-double. Do you think the real Epstein has been switched and he (and his clan) are laughing right now?
Most comments you see online are bots?
The full gamut
Politics mods are mass censoring every post related to Epstein’s death
Huawei building OS to bypass Android – Ben Swann
Predict the likely upcoming false flag event that will be coming in the next few days/weeks to put the Epstein "suicide" into absolute obscurity
Could this be true? I know it's literally just a 4chan post but someone predicted the hanging hours before it was reported in the news
Hmm.... Maybe we are looking too close at the Clintons and not enough at the BRF for the Epstein "suicide"
Fucking bullshit.
The Epstein "suicide" news are being deleted from r/news, r/politics, r/worldnews, etc.
His "Death" May Be For The Best
Causes of Mass Shooting / Spree Killings
Jeffrey Epstein is in danger of being murdered before his trial says victims' lawyer. Published 29 July 2019
Jeffery Epstein was poisoned- did not die by hanging.
I’m just gonna leave this here
there is still hope folks, the twitter trending page is filling up with related epstein's death keep it going.
Epstein is in witness protection.
Anyone else's account suspended..
Does anyone suspect another mass shooting to distract us from the Epstein “suicide”?
The Fraud of Psychiatry
Looks like someone already called it. This tweet from yesterday.
Problem Solved.
Can anyone help find statistics on how many deaths occur on suicide watch (or however its phrased)
Mission accomplished
Epstein killed
Breaking News! Jeffrey Epstein Found Dead via "Suicide" in Jail Cell
Epstein was switched out according to anon from 4chan
Does anyone know what kind of math is on this board behind Epstein on this photo the news keeps using?
They suicides Epstien
The comments over in a certain political sub are pretty hilarious right now
"Jeffrey Epstein, accused sex trafficker, dies by suicide: Officials" Wow, people outside of our circles are pissed.
Where is this Ghislaine Maxwell?
We're shocked I tell you. SHOCKED
Epstein is not dead. He's too valuable. They most likely faked his death and got him locked away in some secure location.
Tucker carlson: this "white supremacy" is a manufactured crisis. A hoax
Epstein Suicide Theory
Suicide? Really??
Surprise surprise
Epstein found dead!!
They were never going to let him testify
LOCK HER UP.
Is he dead or is he sat on an island?
Clintons and #ClintonBodyCount is trending on Twitter after Epstein's death
Breaking News! Jeffrey Epstein Found Dead via "Suicide" in Jail Cell
Epstein's death might of just woke up alot of people
So.. what now?
Was he killed or was it suicide?
Jeffrey Epstein Commits Suicide
“Might be time for Denny to vanish to an undisclosed Japanese island.”
Really? They aren't even trying to hide it anymore, huh?...
MSM is now saying Epstein’s first “suicide attempt” was an attack.
Judge overseeing his suit. A year for trial. Documents went public for a day. Ya im sure epstein was already counting his days.
Jeffrey Epstein found epsteined in his epstein.
How suicide watch works
This was on 4chan before the news posted it
I love how /r/WorldNews is censoring the Epstein suicide and removing posts about it.
Does anyone remember the suspicious Guantanamo, Bay flight from NYC to GB shortly, after the power outage?
The Truth About QAnon
Photos of him wheeled in hospital
The Epstein case, despite his death, might work out for the best. The tide is turning
Chance the Epstein documents see the light of day?
r/politics mods are deleting every thread related to Epstein’s suicide
Now that they have Silenced Epstein what are the chances of a major false flag incident (more sensationalized than recent mass shootings) happening soon?
My guess for the next month
Hey, did you hear the one about Epstein killing himself?
Shouldve seen it coming for epstein?
Epstein commits suicide while under heavy suicide watch....
Epstein “Suicide” Prediction
Where is Ghislaine Maxwell?
Epstein Dead!
To be honest I think they messed up for real this time. Twitter is going bonkers right now I don’t think this will die down. We may finally be moving forward
Jeffrey Epstein suicide?
Jeffrey Epstein, billionaire sex offender, commits suicide...
Jeffery Epstein - Arkancide?
How long will Twitter allow the trends?
Watch out for something big going down very soon to sweep the headline of the front page.
Jeffrey Epstein found dead
UFO and an alien are already taking over our earth, the evidence is here. Metro found a strange big alien cocoon in a cocoon hiding a little alien. people are afraid to go to the subway
Mods: can we do something about all the incoming “Epstein is dead” posts?
How deep was the rabbit hole? We will never know.
Where do I start with the Epstein conspiracy?
Epstein Now ACTUALLY Dead By “Suicide”
CLINTONS strike again
Jeffrey Epstein is dead
Source: Epstein to be buried at sea next to Bin Laden’s plot.
Jeffrey Epstein Has Committed Suicide While on Being “Suicide Watch”... Wow.
"A gurney carrying a man who looked like Epstein was wheeled out of the Manhattan Correctional Center around 7:30 a.m. and headed to New York Downtown Hospital. A call for a reported cardiac arrest came in at 6:38 a.m., Fire Department sources said."
I'll say no more
Jeffrey Epstein Found Dead by Suicide in Manhattan Jail
Jeffrey Epstein has been Suicided
Jewish Globalists attempt to exaggerate their White Supremacy Terrorist Boogeyman narrative.
Epstein suicided
Epstein is dead? Show the body. I don't believe you.
Just Makes You Think
Tactical distraction event in 3... 2...
Epstein suicide anomolies
Everyone after the Epstein 'suicide'
Of course... suicide. We should have seen this coming.
Pay close attention to the comments on all the Epstein news threads today. Really suspicious that I'm already seeing the exact same comments. This user posted the same comment on every single thread within minutes. The top comments will try and control the narrative.
Jeffrey Epstein Dead In Apparent Suicide
https://www.smh.com.au/world/north-america/jeffrey-epstein-found-dead-in-cell-suspected-suicide-reports-20190810-p52fwn.html
Jeffery Epstein found dead
Jeffrey Epstein just killed himself, what the fuck?
Jeffrey Epstein dead suicide?
We must URGENTLY protect Giselle Maxwell. She is the only one left who can tell all. She must be in great danger.
Jeffrey Epstein 'found dead in cell'
He’s dead. Who called it first?
Epstein Left a Suicide Note - Leaked Photo
We knew it was coming, He’s dead
So Jeffrey Epstein is dead.. how convenient.. let me guess he had a red tie
Epstein FOUND DEAD in jail cell
Ironic, mass shootings take down 8chan than within days Epstein is dead
Epstein has "committed suicide". Not suspicious at all.
US financier Jeffrey Epstein found dead in his cell while awaiting trial on sex trafficking charges, US media report https://t.co/lfXOylpyPB
Millionaire financier Jeffrey Epstein has died in a Manhattan jail, with law enforcement sources saying he killed himself. Epstein was being pending trial for child sex trafficking and conspiracy.
Millionaire financier Jeffrey Epstein has died in a Manhattan jail, with law enforcement sources saying he killed himself. Epstein was being pending trial for child sex trafficking and conspiracy.
Epstein Dead: Who did it?
Well here we go.
Jeffrey Epstein commited suicide
So Epstein is dead?
epstein dead
Epstein commits suicide
New York Post just claimed Jeffrey Epstein is dead but super sus
Files leaked, Epstein is dead.
...
Epstein found dead and we are conspiracy theorists
Epstien found dead in his cell
Epstein "kills himself" according to ABC right after the leaking of documents implicating Prince Andrew and others
Do you think it was really suicide or do you think someone got to him? I’m thinking the latter.....
Coincidence? No !
Well reddit, I’m not shocked TBH.
They killed Epstein so that his trial would never see the light of day.
Epstein found dead
Jeffrey Epstein dead in apparent suicide
Epstein supposedly kills self in prison!
How convenient
He's dead
How convenient
To add to the conspiracy
Jeffrey Epstein Found Dead in Jail Cell
How do we know Epstein is really dead?
Jeffrey Epstein 'found dead in cell'
Eipstein's suicide... fake or real?
Jeffrey Epstein has committed suicide in his cell
He's dead
Jeffery Epstein is dead.
Jeffrey Epstein Commits Suicide at Manhattan Jail
We all knew this was coming
We were maybe a bit too optimistic about what would come from this, of course they won’t let him spill the beans on anyone
Jeffrey Epstein, accused sex trafficker, dies by suicide: Officials
FUCKING BULLSHIT
Jeffrey Epstein comited suicide
Who would've guessed?
It happened: Epstein commits "suicide"
Epstein found dead of apparent suicide.
Epstein found dead.
Jeffrey Epstein has died of suicide in his jail cell
Jeffrey Epstein kills himself in prison, report says
Epstein dead by apparent suicide.
Epstein "kills himself" in prison
Jeffrey Epstein dead!
The US is a breeding ground for NWO
Jeffrey Epstein, the wealthy financier accused of child sex trafficking, commits suicide: NBC
Jeffrey Epstein comitted suicide last night.
The media is reporting Epstein’s “Suicide” in his jail cell early this morning
Epstein suicided
People are becoming increasingly depressed, anxious, etc. why?
Another Clinton "Suicide". Clinton buddy and fellow rapist Epstein found dead in cell.
Guess we knew that was going to happen!!!
They got to Epstein. Not on breaking news this morning.
Epstein commuted “Suicide”
Epstein is dead
We knew this was coming..
Epstein Dead
Suicide.... Yeah right
Epstein just reported to be found dead.
A reminder...
Sources: Jeffrey Epstein dies by suicide in Manhattan jail cell
Jeffery Epstein is dead
1 website 5 links ( TRYFG )
Skull and Bones secret society has been accused of possessing the stolen skulls of Martin Van Buren, Geronimo, and Pancho Villa
Reasoned arguments for free speech are being censored by reddit. (calling for death based on beliefs goes unmoderated)
Everything of interest in my opinion up to page 119 of 883 pages released about Epstein and Maxwell. Will continue reading and update as I've read.
TRUMP WIN! The Trump Administration Is Drafting An Exectuive Order To Tackle Tech Censorship - VOICE LIBERTY
[META]I've figured out why reddit hasn't banned /r/conspiracy. We are job creators!
FBI caught in a plot to groom mentally ill boy into being a right wing terrorist.
A recent missing child case in Malaysia, the daughter of an Irish-French family. Something about this just seems off to me...what do you think?
Animated Video explaining that the official explanation of the 911 tower collapses are against the rules of physics.
You know you are in the right direction when your post gets down voted back to 0 as soon as it is voted up. Once again, all major file sharing / torrent websites are (have been recently) down (NOT JUST 8chan). What information has been leaked that is currently being removed from these websites?
Jeffrey Epstein Accuser Names Powerful Men in Alleged Sex Ring
Does anyone have information on Leonardo da Vinci's recently displayed personal notebook where he wrote about meeting a time traveler who took him to the year 2019?
TAJ MahAL HinDu Temple RA Li TAJ AM Hell hO E LiGhthoUse
The Controversy - Episode 2a - The Bad Energy of 9/11
A thought
Can we get a meta list of Epstein names with explanations for each one here?
Cynthia McKinney, PhD: You can read them yourself: ALL of the Epstein Case files, thanks to Jake Morphonios.
All these new warehouses being built... will be used as detention centers in the dystopian future.
Segregation had to be invented. In 1890 in Charlotte Black and White people created the Fusion party. They lived integrated in salt and pepper communities. They were in power and holding the rich accountable. Then a coup changed all that.
Ebay and Amazon Sell a Lot of Copyright Infringing Music
How Asylum Is Abused Every Day
Now they are saying it was a rogue mod, who made a bot to block people's posts.
Now they are saying it was a mod who made a bot!
Hmmmmm
the Big Bang conspiracy solved (let me explain) 2trillion galaxies
Russia appears to have had a nuclear incident involving SSC-X-9 Skyfall in a section of land that will likely become more valuable in the face of climate change.
What is a type of beneficial food (or any kind of nutrition intake) you know of that the mainstream food industry is not selling?
[META] Just a suggestion, what if we created a mega thread weekly only to share the relevant topic of the week?
The new field of sonogenetics uses sound waves to control the behavior of brain cells.
I thought I had an understanding of what 'MK Ultra Triggers' would be.... turns out i wasn't even close and honestly they are much worse/unnerving then I expected (resulting in an unexpected rant on the subject in the form of a 4am stream of pent up consciousness)
Rocko's Modern Life: Static Cling
It's all falling down like a house of cards
TV Broadcast Interrupted by 'Emergency Message' Quoting Famous 'Area 51' Caller from Art Bell Show
RADICAL TRADITIONALIST CATHOLICS SPEW ANTI-SEMITIC HATE, COMMIT VIOLENCE AGAINST JEWS, The Intelligence Report, 2006 Winter Issue-January 16, 2007
Stay safe tommorow guys
Racist democrats are pouncing on Trump for posing with a smile with the victims of the shooting. Heres photos of Obama doing the same thing
The Alex Jones Show With Jeff Sharlet, Author of The Family
What if minecraft is being forcibly rehyped once again so the minecraft movie releasing in 2020 gets sales.
Catholic Antisemitism, J.J. Murphy (1944)
Author Jeff Sharlet on Alex Jones Tv The Family 1/4
McDonalds never offered chicken.
No Propaganda on Reddit. Definitely No Agenda at All!
8chan and several file sharing websites have recently been / are still currently down (see: https://www.isitdownrightnow.com). What information has been leaked that They don't want out?
Interesting psychological warfare documentary.
So can we all agree that YT probably force-subbed people to Jennelle Eliana?
Mind control video by discovery channel; narrator quotes “war 2020”
Anyone else find it suspicious they were testing flying saucer-shaped crafts at Area 51 in the 60s?
Natalie Dyer has some disorder that everyone is ignoring
Russian officials have frozen the bank accounts of the country's top anti-corruption activists
This news cast isn't holding back anymore. Its time to speak the bold truth, there isn't much time left
The Rothschild's are the "Guardians of the Papal Treasure" according to the Jewish Encyclopedia
Epstein told Virginia Roberts to have sex with his former girlfriend's husband - billionaire Glenn Dubin
Jeffrey Epstein Accuser Names Powerful Men in Alleged Sex Ring
Know The Nine Signs Wealth is Coming | Manifestation Affirmations​
[SERIOUS] What names were released in the Epstein case besides Prince Andrew? Why weren't some names there but other were hid from public?
Conspiracy Theory Defined
Father Felix Morlion of Pro Deo, the money launderer extraordinaire
More from the Epstein case
Mysterious French hotel owner in Epstein unseal documents
Mysterious “western store” in Covington, LA.
Back to Back "King of Beers" August Busch IV, and Carlos Brito are Jesuit trained
2012 is actually next year?
Unsealed Epstein data dump: Mysterious French hotel owner
What do we do about the psy op hoax mass shootings, and "terrorist" attacks? If no one is really committing murder, and fooling you with tricks, then what are you charging them with?
Reddit is an excellent example of this community's own ignorance. Change my mind.
Here are photos I took in the 2 days before the vid I posted today of the choppers.they been flying in the area 2-4 days till I noticed and started to photograph and record.really do think S.G.T.H.F!!!
Here are photos I took in the 2 days before the vid I posted today of the choppers.they been flying in the area 2-4 days till I noticed and started to photograph and record.really do think S.G.T.H.F!!!
Here are photos I took in the 2 days before the vid I posted today of the choppers.they been flying in the area 2-4 days till I noticed and started to photograph and record.really do think S.G.T.H.F!!!
What do you think is really going on in the world? Provide evidence to support it too
The clocks ticking.. not many survive these "suicides".. How long does he have left ?
Did Jeffrey Epstein win the Oklahoma Powerball lottery, July 2, 2008?
The Silent Weapon for Quiet Wars on Venezuela
Medical marijuana users ‘have 30 days’ to turn in their guns, police say in Hawaii. (How is this not a clear violation of the 2nd Amendment?)
Whatever happened to net neutrality?
are you proud of your soldiers?
He'll have plenty more books to read soon :)
Anyone else have any info on this??
I feel like this channel is Chinese propaganda which shows how prosperous Chinese farmers are.
Playboy Prime Minister of Pakistan (yes you read that correctly) chilling out with Maxwell, Epstein's madam, circa 90s??
Nobody has anything to say about the Russian explosions today?
A blue check journalist tried to warn ppl abt Epstein in early 2000’s also has source that connects Epstein to dismembered Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi’s Uncle Adnan &amp; her 2000’s article didn’t get published b/c Epstein’s procurer Ghislaine Maxwell knew the editor that blocked her article.
White Claw is not 5% alcohol like it claims to be.
Received these numbers any of u guys know what they mean
I posted a video about Conspiracy theories, It took me 2 weeks to edit and 5 hours to render, and it's not getting any attention at all, so please check it out. Thanks! (my earlier post got deleted...)
“Anonymous Redditor threatens to shoot up and/or blow up a Walmart in the KC area.” Xpost /r/kansascity
With all this Epstein stuff it’s a good time to remind everyone of the Franklin Cover-up
What if black people don't exist have u ever seen 1
Anyone know what happened to you tuber “Mary 40”?
Are memes just becoming corporate advertisements?
My friend sent me this from Florida a few days ago. What could it be?
Information that implicates Prince Andrew of raping children come to light and the power goes out in London.
Hypothesis on The Simulation's Boundaries
Here is the second wave of choppers flying by low,all with in the same hour as the last the last ones I posted.
Anchor saying shooting happened at 3 pm
New cryptoroulette project! FREE 0.02BTC for everyone!
George H.W Bush's Horrific Deathbed Secret
Yahoo News is full of "paid" Russian Trolls. Why?
Marina Joyce
Did we find common ground?
As of last week we have been getting so much helicopter activity in the area.were I live it is very common to see jets practicing flyby's.you never see chopper's here expt the hospital craft.this has picked up very heavy the last 72hrs something is going down,think alot has to do with the quakes1/2
The 2nd Amendment does not give you right to own a gun, but it takes away the governments right to stop you from owning one.
I posted a video about Conspiracy theories, It took me 2 weeks to edit and 5 hours to render, and it's not getting any attention at all, so please check it out. Thanks!
Why the MSM is mostly ignoring the release: Epstein documents say Trump never had sex with any of the girls or even flirted with them. This tells me that Acosta was bait. The MSM only reported it that one time for the Trump angle.
Don't forget OKC
Full Opening Ceremony Of Gotthard Tunnel, The Longest Railway Tunnel In The World
Jeffrey Epstein's sex trafficking victim named Bill Richardson, George Mitchell in newly released documents
Democrats do not care about illegal immagrants and just want to virtue signal and group people into voting blocks.
Why do non citizens have more rights than citizens? Do Democrats care about Americans or just want to virtue signal?
Something Fishy with the El Paso shooting. Have you seen the smiles on the brother of a victim and the President? How could people in mourning look so happy?
Feeding the Israel Lobby, by Philip Giraldi
"Jeffrey Epstein Accuser Names Powerful Men in Alleged Sex Ring" This thread gives me hope that things are starting to change. People are seeing evidence of what most of us here have known for a very long time. Hopefully they'll do some research.
Tell me if I’m being stupid, or maybe I’m just missing something, but is there any video or audio of Epstein?
Is your “half-off” pizza “half-way” made?
This is for the far left lunatic trying to draw a connection with trump and epstein, enjoy, go kill more babys you pos.
AMAZON.COM CHILD SLAVE LABOR "Hundreds of schoolchildren have been drafted in to meet production targets" CHILD SLAVE LABOR SWEAT SHOPS AMAZON.COM
Someone working on The Blacklist tv show seems like their trying to tell some truth through the show.
Is the Federal Reserve losing control of the gold price?
From front page, Katy Perry tried to buy a convent, nuns try to say no, one nun dies in court with last words being stop Katy perry. Wtf?
Zodiakos (Zodiac Scorpio): The Circle of Holy Animals 7/11
Is it possible that a r/conspiracy post disappeared on the popular page in front of my face?
CERN, the occult and the bottomless pit
The Reason Geoengineering from Jet Aircraft is Seen World-Wide
The Great Hack - Documentary on the Cambridge Analytica scandal
Joe Biden Says ‘Poor Kids’ Are Just as Bright as ‘White Kids’
This is what Trump has been worried about. Get ready for civil unrest.
Semptember 11th George Bush assassination attempt?
[META] Vanity Fair: The Unbearable Whiteness of Being Ivanka Trump. Conde Nast publishs Vanity Fair and owns reddit. This explains the agenda that we see pushed being on reddit and why /r/conspiracy is allowed to be so blatantly astroturfed.
August 11 8/11 2019
These 2 today, then the one at Walmart. Anyone else find the timing of these kind of prevented attacks convenient?
The El Paso Killer Loved Trump. Do You? Then You’re Responsible, Too. This was actually published on The Forward, a Jewish globalist propaganda site.
What is a government conspiracy theory that y’all genuinely believe in? (It has to be plausible backed with strong points)
Ron Paul warns that the TAPS Act, which is being pushed through Congress, would virtually shred half of the Bill of Rights and treat everyone as a potential criminal.
The Christchurch Shooter Video is fake!!!
The Family documentary- everything you guys have been saying makes much more sense now.
Bloomberg: New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson, former U.S. Senator George Mitchell and asset manager Glenn Dubin,
Unsealed flight logs show that Trump was on Epstein's private jet in 1997
Election panel complaint focuses on Castro release of Trump donor IDs. Here is the next leftist scam. They're going to doxx and label campaign Republican campaign contributers as Nazis.
Gang member stabs 4 to death
“The Family” docu-series on Netflix
Who is in John Dillinger's grave?
Netflix new limited series
good time to bring this back up?
We should have an Epstein Megathread
Epstein's island shows microwave antennas as well as other infrastructure. Some of it has FCC licensing, and some doesn't. What are these antennas being used for?some frq has encryption and freq hop as well
R/politics is deleting every single Jeffrey Epstein post people make. They are attempting to suppress his pedo ring story that was revealed today. They removed the top post here with 2.8k comments for “off topic”
US diplomats summoned over posting of map showing Moscow protest route
Solar storm / what will happen?
"2000+ Page Epstein Document Dump"
Bill Richardson, now accused of rape by Virginia Roberts in the Epstein case, sweats bullets when asked about the Bohemian Grove
[Meta] This is encouraging from /r/news - I think we should all appreciate this, coming from the MSM subreddits
Accidental or perhaps intentionally sabotaged nuclear explosion in Russia?
After a workplace abuse scandal was put to bed with a costly settlement, ICE raids the immigrant workers who collectively spoke up against the company mamagement. This is how government is complicit in allowing companies to intimidate workers from organizing and speaking out against abuse.
Big Pharma needs to Die
A theory about HBO
CMM: The rich control the governments.
Elderly couple found dead in apparent murder-suicide, left notes about high medical bills. This is heartbreaking and totally avoidable. Big Pharma and the Big medicine groups have a strangle hold on peoples well being. It’s only going to get worse.
“This is extremely dangerous to our Democracy” - News Anchors all have identical scripts. The Largest Broadcasting Corporation in America
MVP, a company that is implementing Common Core in North Carolina, is suing Wake County parent for 'libel and slander' after he criticized program.
Do the rich jews rule the world?
Looking for Jeffrey Epstein survivors I have found this sex trafficking victim whose story resembles Epstein’s victims stories a great deal. This includes a pedophile network run by world leaders.
Spike in Mass Shootings correlates strongly with the 2012 modernization of the Smith-Mundt act of 1948, which authorizes the government to fabricate news and create propaganda (Epstein but a distraction?)
PSA You can check to see what comments are being removed or shadowbanned by changing the 'r' from 'reddit' in the URL into a 'c'.
Found in Arlington Texas... new false flag?
What side are you on?
Tin foil heroes - what other subreddits do you follow?
r/conspiracy, r/conservative, and r/climateskeptic are the bastions of climate change denial. As such, what do y'all think about the goings on over at r/collapse?
Tinfoil Heroes - What other subreddits do you follow?
drug that eliminates free will
Book published in 2017 by James Patterson about the Epstein scandal.
Charlie Sheen's ex-wife recorded saying she has attended 'Eyes Wide Shut'-type sex parties in the Hamptons
They have us so scared that when a car backfires it causes people to run
AVAAZ: The Globe's Largest &amp;amp; Most Powerful Behavioural Change Network [Part I]
Why Tucker Carlson pretends to hate elites, VIDEO (aka if you're posting this guy in conspiracy, you need to hear this out of his mouth)
The Unsealed Epstein Documents Are Here
Should we be expecting a shooting in Suffolk County coming up? I hate to even think this way but....
Here is a thread I’ve started on Twitter with a bunch of pieces of information from the Epstein documents. I’ll be updating as I go through more pages.
What if I told you that 90% of school shooters were taking prescription drugs for depression?
Biden is a prophet, Q warned us, its all becoming clear now, 6 million views and counting...
So if the FBI is calling for social media companies to ban conspiracy theory content because it is "potentially harmful," then what other kinds of content should be banned from the net? Russiagate conspiracy theories? Harmful images of people ingesting GMOs and endocrine disrupting chemicals?
Thank you all for doing the digging on Epstein. This sub has in the past month become my number one source of info. Thanks.
Many of the things we see are faked especially on instagram
I'll just leave this here... A short list of built-in BACKDOORS used by government agencies to spy on users of proprietary software and devices
Spotted some rarely seen truth today.. thought I would share.
TI’s
Only Fox news and ABC news have report of the "Epstein file". At this time 17:38 est
Fluoride may diminish kidney and liver function in adolescents
Is wisdom teeth removal at a young age necessary or is it just a money grab for the dental industry?
Unsealed flight logs show that Trump flew on Epstein's Lolita Express
Obama rapes and kills 2 boys. DeBlasio 5, Buttgieg 5, Cuomo 4, Murray 3, Dorsey 3, Thiel 3. Trump $4 billion to cover. Pelosi $3 billion, Harris $1 billion, Schumer $2 billion, to help bring the boys over the border. See pages 18-23, 8, 11, 12, 35, 45, 61, 62
With the word conspiracy coming under attack now how about we call them “free thinking theories”.
Work Plan to Control You
In 33 Years The Rich Will Own All the Wealth in America!
Has anyone watched the new show “The Family” on Netflix? Very good documentary.
The Spy Gate Project
The Spy Gate Project
We've had perpetual energy machines for DECADES and THEY don't want us talking about it!
Dan Bongino: Newly released FBI documents on Steele dossier, FISA applications are 'devastating'
How Israel's Erasure of Palestinian History Perpetuates Occupation
Ebola infected passenger shuts down airport quarantined Manchester Airport August 9, 2019
Greta
Major fossil fuel companies have known for decades that their products cause global warming. Their own scientists told them so more than 30 years ago.
North Carolina’s Child Sex Scandal: Illegal Immigrants Responsible For Over 8347 Rape/Sexual Assaults since November 2013
Prince Andrew exposed: Teen sex slave alleges pair were intimate at Ghislaine Maxwell's London home
The Bantustanization of Ethiopia - Ethiopians for Constitutional Monarchy
The Unsealed Epstein Documents in 3 separate PDF Files
Tucker carlson: this "white supremacy" is a manufactured crisis. A hoax
Hmmmm
Hollywood Prepping to Put out a Movie where Rich Liberals Hunt Down "Deplorables"
Trumps "fine people" video was doctored
'Flabbergasted': Chase Bank forgives all credit card debt for Canadian customers
Lithuanian Judge that exposed a pedophile ring will be sent back to Lithuania
School shootings planned and carried out by the CIA to disarm America. - William Cooper, 1990.
The Catholic Church has used at least $4 billion as a result of sex abuse scandals and lawsuits.
Underwater Cave Entrance In Middle of The Pacific Ocean
If u need evidence demokkkrats are racist: I got you
Actors creating fake history.
Automatic Silent Censorship / Narrative Control on reddit
Who's being investigated, here? I thought it was Epstein...
The power outage in the UK is a conspiracy!
Evil Morty's Origin Theory - Rick And Morty Theory - whatweknow
Johnny Gat is back and this time showing the links between Trump and Epstein. This video details the blackmail ring and also exposes who else is involved! Johnny Gat is the best in my opinion and always does an incredible job!
Democratic Socialist Convention: Points of Privilege
What is that?
Forbes censors an article that questions the global warming narrative because it wasn't up to their "editorial standards"
The Bush administration allowed 9/11 to happen through incompetence, intentionally lied us into a war, caused millions of innocent deaths and displacements, and then tanked the global economy, (which still hasn't recovered). But Trump is the new Hitler and should be impeached because REASONS!!!
Newly revealed docs show Trump flew on Jeffrey Epstein’s infamous ‘Lolita Express’ jet plane
Russians buy up iodine in rocket radiation scare - Is this a cover up for the Earth's weakening magnetosphere?
Robert Kiyosaki: "The US Dollar Was Intentionally Designed To Steal Our Wealth And Our Lives"
Democratic Socialists of America Convention: Points of Privilege
Democrats Socialists of America Convention: Points of Privilege
The Eastern Cabal has initiated the collapse of the Western Cabal- and it involves AI
What did he done this time?
I swear I could here multiple automatic weapons firing during the 2017 Las Vegas shooting.
Newly revealed docs show Trump flew on Jeffrey Epstein’s infamous ‘Lolita Express’ jet plane
Tired of the politics posts and the left vs right debate. Is there a better not-political conspiracy subreddit?
Has the True Identity of Q been revealed?
Where Going to be Seeing More and More MSM Pushing Whites to Hate Themselves. Here's an Example from Last Summer
Greg Allen, the El Paso police chief, said the suspected attacker seemed to be “in a state of shock and confusion” and has not shown any remorse to the investigators.
The Egyptian government was behind the latest bombing in Cairo
Did Trump pose with actors in the hospital instead of shooting victims?
Trump smirks and gives a thumbs up as his wife stands next to him holding to an infant whose parents were killed in the El Paso shooting.
Unsealed flight logs show that Donald Trump was on Epstein's private jet in 1997
Vaccine Video Posted Earlier from Anarchapulco
Monsanto operated a “fusion center” to monitor and discredit journalists and activists, and targeted a reporter who wrote a critical book on the company. The agrochemical corporation also investigated the singer Neil Young and wrote an internal memo on his social media activity and music.
Are we missing pages in the Epstein public file release?
🤔
Donald Trump Is Accused Of Raping A 13-Year-Old. Why Haven’t The Media Covered It? There are two big reasons
Does anyone else feel like a major - bigger than ever before - false flag is going to happen soon?
12 Corrections to Modern Science
Kristin Kreuk, on ‘Nxivm Island’, Parties With Allison Mack and Others
Jeffrey Epstein's sealed court cases are in the process of being UNSEALED
Theory: Yang is a tool to gauge how large the dumbest section of the population is. His base of support serves as a goto list of useful idiots for the establishment.
Group sex app leaks locations, pics and personal details. Identifies users in White House and Supreme Court
who benefits from a no-deal brexit? It has to help someone. Which groups does this aid?
EMP Attack on British mainland? - Transport strife across England and Wales after widespread power cuts
Jeffrey Epstein Accuser Names Powerful Men in Alleged Sex Ring..Finally!
What’s the real story here
GMO Bird Spotted In Dc Apparently. Can anyone corroborate this?
Do you still trust Snopes to check your facts in 2019?
Wood tree what is it
Let's all take a minute as a community here, and try to debunk this fox news shooting theory.
Is Yang an experiment to see how large the dumbest section of the population is?
Last year, a federal judge ruled that a Mississippi factory was knowingly allowing sexual and physical assaults against its Hispanic workers. After the workers won a $3.75M lawsuit, they were targeted for an ICE raid.
Twitter is defending Joe Biden’s gaffe...in the app itself
Immortal Technique was ahead of his time
This ad was on my Instagram feed today. Yesterday I was with my family at Lowe’s looking at blue bathroom sinks with a waterfall tap. What the fuck, is my phone listening to me and offering advertisements based off of that?
Fax
The secret identity of Q is.......
This Map Shows If Your Town's Police Are Tapped Into Ring's Surveillance Network
Once in a lifetime chance to have your whole facebook account with all attached data removed. *Missed*
2 very interesting parts of the epstein files just released
NSA is indeed illuminati
Looks like they had a pedo massage room running at Mar-a-Lago for 2 years.
'There are two sayings that are familiar in every news room across the country: 1) sex sells; 2) if it bleeds it leads.' We will soon see if news coverage for court release of Epstein sex files will trump the recent shooting tragedies.
Area 51 Raid Complication
This is what happens when you google "white couple"
Anybody know what the Clinton body count is up to? What is the TRUE extent of their power?
Our populations has been so dumbed down that they read the Bible literally - and not as Symbolims and metaphores.
What the Media Won't Tell You About YouTube
What an odd coincidence.
Societal Archetypes, Egregores, and Memetic Entities...
If 9/11 and other radical Muslim terror attacks were false flags designed to forego your civil liberties... Then what are these shootings?
The Unsealed Epstein Documents Are Here
What are your guys thoughts?
FOX News Reports El Paso Shooting Before it Happens
We live in the times of State Sponsored Cuckoldry where they can force you to raise someone else's child from your wife, if you didn't know about it and accidentally signed the birth certificate.
Major power failure London and South-East UK - what's the diversion?
Ken Feinberg dismisses reports of $8 billion Roundup settlement
8 Trillion dollars. One percenters pay over 8 trillion in taxes every year.
Maybe over then 100 "Masseuses" at Epstein house!
2 very interesting parts of the epstein files that were just released.
Could Trump really be a Secret Democratic Mole, determined to Destroy the GOP from within?
Jeffrey Epstein Pal Maxwell Loses Last-Ditch Attempt to Seal Papers
New crypto gambling platform! FREE 0.02BTC for everyone!
Let's talk about the "Jews".
Jeffrey Epstein Pal Maxwell Loses Last-Ditch Attempt to Seal Papers
Trevor moore from wkuk sums things up in a couple minutes.. via cats
6th-Grader Dragged Out Of Class For Saying Gender-Confused Boy "Is A Boy"
'There are two sayings that are familiar in every news room across the country: 1) sex sells; 2) if it bleeds it leads.' We will soon see if coverage of Epstein files just released Trump the recent shooting tragedies.
What evidence was there that the planes were diverted over the Atlantic on 9/11?
PSA: they are attempting to divide us
Chernobyl and Severodvinsk...Coincidence?
America's Traffic in Child Pornography - Lori Handrahan, #381 by Guns and Butter
News these days
Who controls your pocket?
Nothing to see here, just Donnie and Epsie hanging out with a girl that looks like she's on LSD
Weird Letter Sent To My House.
RIP Prince Andrew
Jeffrey Epstein: large tranche of files released in Ghislaine Maxwell lawsuit
It’s the Sexism, Stupid Why men are dominating the Democratic 2020 primary.
Guns and Butter - America’s Traffic in Child Pornography - Lori Handrahan, #381
Pizzagate 1989- The Scandal that never happened- Washington Times
Epstein court files include multiple testimonies that one of Epstein's trafficking victims was raped by Prince Andrew in London
CIA Heralds the New World Order with 1990's "The Freshman" - THIS IS THE STORY OF THE CENTURY. PERK UP.
Announcement that Miriam Rivera, reality TV trans star, died 6 months ago
White house Call Boys- Boystown/Pizzagate
Trending on front page, don't see it here. From r/technology the group sex app leaked details about individuals. White House &amp; Supreme Court aides included.
On the 1st day of Christmas, the Epstein files gave to me...
Funny how that works out
Released Epstein court files implicate, shows Epstein bought books on "S&amp;M" and "Sex Slavery" from Amazon
Hong Kong protest telegram group?
Interesting. How the sackler family controls the drug epidemic in America.
Extent Of The Brainwashing (Trump Era Used As Catalyst)
Epstein day? Files seems to get public today!
Eschatologies about America
Why aren't you allowing your kids to learn Twerking from a Drag Queen you freaking Bigots!
Traffic stalking
So what government agency is profiting off of this pop up company. “Protecting yourself and earn money doing it” No Fucking Thanks.
Can anyone give any info or links on the ratheon connection to 911. Evidently 2 passengers on one plane were higher ups in the company.
Need help with verification on this 9/11 Chinese gold conspiracy.
the bloodlines
"REAL" Conspiracies are Causing Madness!
Gun Control is OK now ?
FBI caught in plot to groom mentally Ill boy into being a right wing terrorist.
Here we go. Private Security Gang Stalkers Hired under UN contract and NDA orders in order to abuse government resources while the government maintains plausible deniability of violating peoples rights.
A group of scientists found evidence of major nuclear accident that went undeclared in Russia
New 8Chan is a "HoneyPot" hoax! Don't go there!!!
Joe Rogan Experience #1330 - Bernie Sanders
Owell Underground Cloning Facility (Video)
Pedo Rings, Ninth Circle, Pizzagate etc- Why they do it
FBI agent accidentally reveals own 8chan posts; attempts to redirect white supremacist rage against Russia
Never let a good crisis go to waste. The TAPS Act would encourage law enforcement to give EVERYONE a personal threat assessment (adults and children) and single out those they deem as future threats. MAGA!!
Group sex app leaked pics, location info, and personal details of users. White House and Supreme Court members included
Is MSNBC Trying to Silence Andrew Yang?
What if I told you the Great Fire Wall of China isn’t to protect the Chinese leadership in fact it isn’t even Chinese.
When someone experiences a combination of long term pharmaceutical use, horrific childhood abuse, and radicalization on the internet, and proceeds to kills tens of people at a time in unpredictable shootings throughout America, it’s almost like we are in the beginning stages of a zombie apocalypse.
Which movie comes "Where goes one we go allW from
There’s really only one question. Is society unraveling or are we being intentially divided.
Springfield Missouri Question
Ultimate Theory of Reality is finally here
FB is asking to upload ID's now.
Transgender Agenda is the end-game
5G was Tesla’s idea.
Guo Wengui on China’s Plan to Ruin the United States
Drag Queen Story hour teaching Twerking
London is NOT England! - A documentary on the City of London and the shadowy corporation that controls it.
Mitch McConnell: 'Assault Weapons' Ban 'Front and Center' in Senate. Banning semi-automatic rifles has always been the globalists' primary goal because they are the primary weapon that would be used to resist overt oligarchy.
Someone at my hotel knows what's up...
The Darker Side Of Some Well Known Historical Figures
Well , I'm done with reddits creepy shadow banning and steering. Fuck you all to hell. This place is a horror show. Did I phrase that as a fyvking question?
Don't forget about Gilroy and El Paso shooters being practically twins. Keep the conversations going.
McAfee faked heart attack to avoid deportation
Vitamin D acceptance delayed by Big Pharma following the Disinformation Playbook
Amazon Continues Helping Police By Teaching Them How To Bypass A Warrant
Guns and ammunition business in america is profitable why would companies do something as unprofitable as to have strict gun safety laws.
8Chan Moves Onto The Blockchain, Can't Be Deleted Anymore Now
Yeah Bill, much bigger. Even bigger than the cum stain you got on the chubby girl. #EpsteinIsland
NSA, ILLUMINATI??
How do you believe 9/11 was pulled off?
Vitamin D acceptance delayed by Big Pharma following the Disinformation Playbook
Weird sounds in the sky in 2012..
The state can take your kids away for pretty much anything
Can we storm the pyramids as well as area 51?
Did Guam sink?!
UnAmerican Propaganda
I thought you guys would appreciate this photo.
Google Bernie vs Tulsi - images. What the f google? You people who work at google are evil.
How is this not a conspiracy?
Following the vaccinations
Bayer soars on report of proposed $8 billion Roundup settlement. These large corporations make a weed killer that’s killing people and the planet. Then they say here’s some money”problem go away “. The problem will be with us for a long time.
Area 51 .. What happens behind the walls of prohibited places in the world?
Bayer shares soared as much as 11% on Friday on a report that the German company has proposed to pay up to $8 billion to settle more than 18,000 U.S. lawsuits related to its glyphosate-based weedkiller Roundup.
Global debt balloons to all-time high of $164 trillion. The world is now 12 percent of GDP deeper in debt than it was at the peak of the financial crisis in 2009, says the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Who is this debt owed to?
Political Chief of US Consulate Julie Eadeh deletes her twitter account after photos leaking her meeting with Hong Kong Student Leader Joshua Wong Chi-Fung went viral on Chinese media
The dark origins of the Left's problem with White people
"You thought that Hong Kong was an accident. No, we instigated it through agitprop." - Steve Pieczenik, ex-Deputy Assistant Secretary of State
Deep State Tactics 101 Part IV with Catherine Austin Fitts
Quick things I noticed about "tryfg"
i know i summoned a demon inside my bedroom.
Kamala Harris covers up for pedophile priests?
5G, wifi and cell phone dangers to humans
I just did a deep dive of this sub at 1 AM and...
8/11 Golden Gate Bridge False Flag to Distract from Tearing Down the Dome of the Rock?
I've done some digging
5G Is The Ultimate Directed Energy Weapon System, Says Particle Physicist
“Kim.com” Comments on Seth Rich | Ray McGovern
Laura Silsby is linked to Pizzagate
The New World Order's goal is to kill Christianity - William Cooper
Court documents reveal ties between Jeffrey Epstein, the Office of Foreign Missions and Bill Clinton campaign contributions.
DespicableMemes on Twitter
Elon Musk &amp; Transhumanism: Each Brain Its Own Monitoring Chip
The ‘violent video game’ excuse is being pushed hard
Radiation briefly spikes in Russian city after rocket engine explosion, 2 dead
Is their a reason for so much helicopter activity as of late?I live in the Kern county CA area.the last few days been so many choppers,they do jet training but never seen them do chopper exercises.let alone so many fly by,could this have anything to do with the quakes that been happening?
Radiation briefly spikes in Russian city after rocket engine explosion, 2 dead
If Antidepressant Commercials Were Honest - Honest Ads
Raid on Epstein's "Pedo Island"
Did a CE5 for ET accidentally call Sasquatch instead? I Think So...
Channers come here for a second.
Is their a reason for the high volume of chopper activity lately?I live in the Kern ca area where their are jet exercises but I have never seen this much chopper volume let alone chopper training,could it have to do the the QUAKES we been getting as of late?
Scam Calls With Nobody on the Other End?
"A scathing new Pentagon report blames Trump for the return of ISIS in Syria and Iraq" (reminder: ISIS = Mossad's CIA)
Trump considering ending Rod Blagojevich’s prison term, citing ‘Comey gang and all these sleazebags’
REMA, Reference Elevation Map of Antarctica — I searched this sub and found numerous ‘Antarctica’ posts yet didn’t see mention of this interesting land elevation map. I assume many will find it interesting as it relates to numerous conspiracy theories and old posts.
If you guys haven't noticed yet, there has never been a major terrorist attack on Russia.
Why do mods keep taking down the El paso shooting GoFundMe page content?
Ex Gang Banger From Chicago Says Democrats Drop Off Guns In Black 'Hoods!
Group sex app leaks locations, pics and personal details. Identifies users in White House and Supreme Court.
Solution to the gun/shooting epidemic in the U.S.
Found a weird YouTube channel. Any thoughts?
GoFundMe created days before El Paso shooting
Star Wars: The Trans Awakens
AskReddit rounding up the conspiracy theorists
NYT: We Have a White Nationalist Terrorist Problem. What we actually have is globalists manufacturing mass shootings to subvert the Constitution.
"To summarize, U.S. recession risk is rising at an alarming rate and there are an incredible number of dangerous new bubbles that are poised to burst in the coming downturn. This is the time for vigilance, not complacency." So there's about a 64% chance of a recession.
Why is the phrase "white nationalist" acceptable but "Jewish globalist" hate speech?
Jupiter just got slammed by something so big we saw it from Earth
[SERIOUS] Are Social Security numbers actually linked to bank accounts? Looking to learn a bit about this.
SPLC brands State Department official as "white supremacist" and gets him fired. Once again, we see Jewish globalists using employment termination to silence its opposition.
I clicked the app after noticing the pedo symbol...and happen to find this in the reviews.
Media Gleefully Smears Tulsi After She Exposes Kamala
The Fermi paradox.
It's A Brave New World, So Let's Party Like It's 1984.
Grass Gestapo Out Of Control: $30K Fine &amp;amp; Potential Foreclosure For Too-Long Lawn
SpaceIL spacecraft crash lands on the moon; it was carrying human DNA, "water bears", and 30 million pages of information
Young White Male in Body Armor with Rifle &amp; 100 rounds enters a Walmart, shoots no one. Stopped by "Good-Guy with gun". No shoots fired.
Trade War, Currency Resets, and predictions of Donald Trumps presidency from the 1800’s
What are the overall motivations and theories behind all of this high level child-trafficking activity?
Following Donald Trumps gaffe of saying “Remember the victims of Toledo”, a man is apprehended, planning to commit a mass shooting in a Toledo bar.
Group sex app leaks locations, pics and personal details. Identifies users in White House and Supreme Court
With Voat in lockdown mode, and a chan that’s been killed. This has been planned ahead of time. What’s next?
They’ve been planning this for a awhile.
Conspiracy of Silence (1994) - "Unaired Discovery Channel Program about Pedophilia in Washington" [55:55]
"A shooting at the Walmart... I'm not sure when that happened, Oh, at 3pm, that Hasn't Happened Yet", Fox News reporting about El Paso shooting before it happens
Ebola lab in Maryland forced to close over safety violations
I’m screeching
I clicked the app after noticing the pedo symbol...and to come find this in the comments.
"[DECLAS] MULTIPLES *** ORWELL TWO *** [WHISTLEBLOWER]" - Looks like the banned YouTube video is back (for those who missed it), let's get copies [w/ CCs] while it lasts!
Explanation of Genesis 15, why 400 years prophecy is about America
The state of this subreddit [meta]
We live in the loneliest generation
2nd Amendment
How come I can see murderers and rapists in excerpts on TV/Youtube but we can only see shitty drawings of Epstein supposedly in court. I don't believe he is in jail or going to court.
El Paso Massacre | Red Flag Laws (Unconstitutional)
El Paso Massacre | Red Flag Laws (Unconstitutional)
Man dressed in body armor walked into a Missouri neighborhood Walmart. Arrested with over 100 rounds of ammunition. Suspect was held at gunpoint by armed off duty fireman.
Together at the top of all. Only the positive one was on the frontpage. Not even a conspiracy anymore...
Guys this sub has turned upside down.
Quincy Who? Another New Washington Think Tank Tests the Waters
I earnestly want to understand - how has the call for open borders in America suddenly become so popular?
Hmm wonder whats going on here...
Top 2 post, always seems to be good/evil...
Guys we are now targeted as terrorists, for Red Flag Gunfiscation. Please share, and upvote, so everybody sees. Thank you.
Roma as baby stealers conspiracy
Our history will be changed and covered up.
Makes sense /s. Not like google, facebook, and twitter drown out legitimate facts. No Americans, the enemy is your fellow citizen who questions things not the media conglomerates who control the narrative.
Judge allows lawsuit against NPR over Seth Rich reporting to proceed
Guys we are now, targeted, as terrorists. Please share, and upvote, so everybody sees. Thank you.
Actor Danny Trejo saves baby/makes headlines right before release of Dora the Explorer movie he is part of
Satanic Ritual Abuse Proof, Polygamy, Sadomasochism
Biden Said Trump 'Doesn't Deny' the KKK. He Did So 7 Times. Here is the proof.
Lead U.S. prosecutor in ’08 Epstein case resigns. A. Marie Villafaña, the lead federal prosecutor who helped negotiate a controversial plea deal for accused sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein has submitted her resignation to the Justice Department
Trump ties to Russia. Hows that for timing.
PA District Attorney - Ray Gricar who investigated Jerry Sandusky vanished in 2005.
Just a reminder in these stressful times...
Guo Wengui on China’s Plan to Ruin the United States
One thing to look forward to... All the scum in politics, media, entertainment, industry, etc, will eventually die.
Michael Jackson’s “Blood on the Dance Floor” (1997) Album Cover shows New York City Skyscrapers burning down and collapsing into the streets. Could this be a connection to the 9/11 attacks ? Also note that Michael had a meeting at the WTC the same day the attacks happened but cancelled it !
What are your thoughts on Osama Bin Laden?
My Favorite teacher got fired! What should I do?
Has anyone looked into this?
What ever happened to a Martin O’Malley?
I have all of the videos from the "E| Paso killer's father". This is the most recent.
Corporate Media at it again. Pushing for endless war...
I think 'Spontaneous human combustion' is a really cover for the government's directed energy weapon experiments
Project: Outline of Tragedy and Hope by Carroll Quigley
Found this on 4chan, apparently a gofundme was created on august 5th for victims of the el paso shooting...
Suspect in custody
This photo of downtown Toronto in April 1930. Why does this lady look like she's talking on a mobile phone?
Berned YouTube's trending
Dayton Shooter - remote controlled planes - Epstein connection
Wonder why
[METAAA] The Jews, Jesuits, Masons, Luciferians, Lizards. Anyone but the super-rich, anything but the system that creates them.
Breathtaking Mirage Appears in East China, reported as 'natural'
Do you think the recent shootings were somehow staged to bury the Epstein scandal?
Is it dishonest to use an IFB (Earpiece) during a political rally?
Does this fit here? This is all real.
Atlantis possibly found, anyone heard anything more on this?
El Paso Shooting Possible HOAX: Video links of 2 EP Women Who Saw 4 SHOOTERS.
AskReddit rounding up the conspiracy theorists
Anyone have a screen rip of the original [CC] Subtitles on the "Message from ORWELL" Video? (Pretty sure all Orwell videos have different subtitles than what they are supposed to have!)
Two young men were found dead inside torched cars. Three others died in apparent suicides. Another collapsed on a bus, his death ruled an overdose. All tied to Ferguson protests.
Did You guys Watch this trailer, "Satanic Panic" I saw some Pizza Gate stuff here!!
The Jewish role in the German communist revolution of 1919, The Treaty of Versailles and The Munich agreement.
The Federal Reserve, the EU Central Bank and the Bank of England are controlled by apprentices of the Jesuits.
Best fiends mobile app
The idea of duality when applied to freemasonry. A friendly fraternity or a secret society? Some interesting facts about the Rothschilds and other European oligarchs and also, what interesting facts do you know about freemasonry and other secret societies?
Five companies control 90% of the media in the US. These and companies on the outside are controlled by the CIA, the Jesuits and their apprentices.
The black pope used spies to obtain the complete plans for the largest ground invasion in military history, the German invasion of Russia in WWII.
Holocaust denial arguments: The International Red Cross report of 1948.
Communism was tested by the Jesuits in Paraguay before the Russian revolution. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
The Jewish role in the Russian Communist revolution.
My friend caught this in Orlando Florida
The Most Dominant Strain of Zionism Controls the Israel/Palestine Dialectic. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
A "Google Snowden" Is Slated to Whitsle Blow Nefarious Google Activities Next Week Supposedly
Is it just me or does it seem like there’s been a lot of higher-ups resigning lately?
Hasn't seen the deep state lore?
I know this probley don't have nothing to do with anything.but thought I'd share,on may 31 FEMA held a multi state E.Q. responce exercise in multi state region on how to respond to a 7.7 mag...July 6th comes we get a 7.1
Israeli pharmaceutical firms test medicines on Palestinian prisoners.
Foxes Seen Walking Near The Western Wall in Israel Is Seen as a Fulfillment of a Biblical Prophecy of the Temple Being Rebuilt
Shower thought: Credit scores rate our performance in the Illuminati's slave system
The Epstien papers.
I don’t know why but I think the new Spider-Man movie might’ve warned us about the events that happen this past weekend. For this who haven’t seen the movie SPOILERS ahead...
A world of genocide.
Remember Schumer threatened that 'Intelligence Community had six ways to Sunday to get back' at Trump? First DNI Dan Coats resigns. Now Deputy DNI Sue Gordon has resigned. Looks like Trump in charge of IC.
[UNBELIEVABLE] Drag queen teaches kids to ‘twerk’ at library story hour
Opinion | How to Force 8Chan, Reddit and Others to Clean Up
Just a reminder that gaslighting is a real thing and is in practice in full force by the MSM, politicians, and all those who wish to control our minds through the control of information.
Conspiracy? Or just a laughed at topic
DynCorp has a UK branch that explains Prince Andrew and Epstein.
US Army
Fresh off the account creation bus. Looking for deep holes to explore to find hidden treasure.
Not a conspiracy but could be . Anyone here on 5g internet grt head aches . I’m starting to believe 5 g causing severe pain headache
Women Rights Evil
Why MUST They Take Your Weapons: The Red Terror Is Coming To America
iPhone stores the numbers of people you've deleted forever on Apple's servers
Tucker Carlson Wiped from YouTube
The system is using the media to paint a false picture again, ISIS is 'back.'
GoFund Me for El Paso shooting posted days before shooting
LOL my colleague just told me that NETFLIX plans to buy INTERNET EXPLORER
A scathing new Pentagon report blames Trump for the return of ISIS in Syria and Iraq
Mass Shootings Follow the Gladio "Strategy of Tension"
The Psychopathic Core Of Morality
Here's why people hate videogames
What is happening right now, VOAT is down?! Was looking to brows MildyInfuriating over there.
“This is extremely dangerous to our Democracy” - The largest broadcasting company in America. Creepy manipulation.
‘Angels and demons’: police in Italy arrest 18 accused of brainwashing, abusing, and selling children
NYT and Wall Street throw chief bank executives Erdoes and Staley under the Epstein Bus.
Mother God Tells of the Reptilians Who Lived Among and Within Us
Anyone got any theories on what’s going on with r/mildlyinfuriating ?
What can WE do ?
Every plot in movies, cartoons, video games, books, etc. are all the same thing.
Not everything is on the Internet.. Check your local radio frequencies
HK Protest leaders caught meeting with US chief officer(?)
Just a point I wanted to highlight when it comes to corruption of any kind: the judges’ families are threatened and agree to lease chargers/ being let off the hook, and that is why corruption exists.
So After Watching Wernher Von Braun Make an Alien Reproduction Vehicle (ARV) Vanish on the History Channel Do We Really Have any Doubts That the TR3B and SSP Exist Today?
What if Area 51 is just filled with super humans and/or mutants created at Chernobyl?
What is Worldcorp enterprises?
Could someone give me some fact-checked, balanced reading recommendations on US healthcare system? Essays, books, articles
"The left" has never been crazier, and people have never been more pathetic and weak. (Not a post about politics)
Pseudoscience is taking over social media and putting us all at risk Conspiracy theories are drowning out legitimate facts which could negatively impact human behaviour in the future.
9/11: Explosive Evidence - Experts Speak Out | PBS
Obama rapes &amp; kills 2 boys. DeBlasio 5, Buttgieg 5, Cuomo 4, Murray 3, Dorsey 3, Thiel 3. Trump $4 billion to cover. Pelosi $3 billion, Harris $1 billion, Schumer $2 billion, to help bring the boys over the borsder. See pages 18-23, 8, 11, 12, 35, 45, 61, 62
Building 7 Moment in the El Paso Shooting. Robert Holguin and Kaylee Heck from FOX14 in El Paso Accidentally Announce Mass Shooting 23 Minutes Before It Happened. Smoking gun!
What a moron
11th century UFO sighting reported by Chinese polymathic scientist and statesman Shen Kuo. The object, nicknamed "The Pearl," had doors, hovered, and was able to take off at tremendous speeds. The sighting occurred around 1060 A.D, reported by multiple witnesses, and returned several times.
Former Senator Cynthia McKinney is the TRUTH
Coercion cuts both ways
Interesting...
Random Ninja theory 🤔
Are all these cameras at every Walmart ? At the top side corner it said minimum face size because I was wearing a hat .
Locals of Russian Town Severodvinsk, Are Being Told To Stay Inside And Take Iodine Tablets After Massive Explosion at Nuclear Test Site
Deep Dive on Emerging Trends in Geopolitics
Epstein invested in Carbyne, a firm tied to Israeli intelligence through former Israeli PM Barak
Give me the best conspiracy theory stories!
R/conspiracy Could Be Shut Down Any Moment.
The Wooden Table Leg Theory
The Democrat's Argument for Illegal Immigration Is an Argument for a Permanent Underclass...and The Republicans are the White Supremacists?
Uhhhh what?!?!? I sort of wish I didn’t watch this.......
For those who live in countries with government subsidized healthcare, what do you really think of it? Is it really as inefficient as Americans are led to believe?
Massive financial service disruptions and credit card network outages since last night? Anybody else noticing this and not seeing it reported anywhere?
Are primitive people wise?
I'm not normally political
Not a conspiracy but an update on my forced perspective. Fn Google
Fox news reports mass shooting 23 minutes before it occurs
Who is Q?
Found this in a park for kids, the second symbol is well know, what about the others.
Deutsche Bank and Wall Street banks just gave Congress thousands of documents related to Russians with ties to Trump
Is David Hogg also Adam Lanza?
FBI docs leaked to me reveal that in 2018, the Bureau targeted "Black Identity Extremists" under a program codenamed "IRON FIST", planning to use undercover agents to infiltrate the group which it considered a top counterterrorism priority.
Your conspiracy theory is probably wrong
Simpsons Predicts - Golden Gate Bridge - 8/11 False Flag?
Prepping Has Gone Mainstream: Politics, a “Culture of Fear,” or a Return to What’s Been Lost?
Support The Right to Boycott: The assault on free speech continues in America
Found this in a park for kids, i know what does the second symbol from the top mean but does anyone know what the rest are?
"And as for the title, Sex Positive Teenage Bounty Hunters didn’t have the same ring"
Playlist: George Webb's Voluminous Work on DynCorp
How do I find/download this video about National Reserve? Please help :(
Remember that time When Banking Whistle Blower Ronald Bernard Admitted That a Secret Society Recruited Him and Wanted Him to Sacrifice a Child to Lucifer as His Initiation via Church of Satan?
Atlantis
Can We Say 'Operation Mocking Bird'?
[Meta] are users allowed to impersonate other users to attack them?
The Dayton Shooter Killed his sister... but she was not "Megan Betts" as reported...his name was Jordan Cofer and he was a Transgender Male.
Deutsche Bank and Wall Street banks reportedly just gave Congress thousands of documents related to Russians with possible ties to Trump
We Need a Code Word for Conspiracy
Can someone please explain to me how publicly tweeting out someone's email address that has their full name in it to millions of followers isn't considered "doxxing"?
Amazing MSM Hypocrisy
Cross posted from r/Documentaries
obama isn't real
Emergency Alert Systems
Is there a website with a list of 9/11 anomalies and discreprancies?
Please give me your thoughts...I dont understand how this goes unnoticed. I find it hard to believe that a story would be published with misinformation such as who the suspect is. Allegedly persons who survived the attack in El Paso were asked to delete all video/photos they had.
Email to Hillary Clinton from lawyer: DynCorp hired 15 year old child for "inappropriate party" and "mock lap dances" in Afghanistan
10-year prison sentence for ex-state Supreme Court judge's son in child sex trafficking case
[Request] What are the best books on the CIA?
Fluoride May Diminish Kidney and Liver Function in Adolescents, Study Suggests
8/8 = Heil Hitler, Trump secretly signals to his White Nationalist followers, is MSNBC on to something here?
This Youtube Video I found About El Passo.. witness talks about 4 men in black. It was actually on a golf page where i play games.
ICE Raids Miss. Plant After $3.75 Million Sexual Harassment Settlement
Email to Hillary Clinton from lawyer: DynCorp hired 15 year old child for "inappropriate party" and "mock lap dances" in Afghanistan
How does the DOD , and FBI create, and cover up the hoax psy op mass shootings, and "terrorist" drills gone live? Simple part-counter part technique.
Anyone Noticing Uptick in Violence and Police Incidents at Walmart Stores in the Media? Is Bezos Going For the Kill?
Hi, I'm a Mossad agent, AMA
Email to Hillary Clinton from lawyer regarding Dyncorp employees hiring a 15 year old for "mock lap dances" in Afghanistan
Mass murders
8/11 Golden Gate Bridge Destruction Prediction
Are all these mass shooters really just copycats inspired by MSM?
Forced Migration is not a Right, It's an Invasion, but when an Invasion is referred to simply as Migration, Now that is Satanism.
4Chan "nazis" are FAKE. Look closely.
Radiation spikes detected after Russian rocket engine explosion
Pseudoscience is taking over social media and putting us all at risk - Conspiracy theories are drowning out legitimate facts which could negatively impact human behaviour in the future
Remember Laura Silsby?
NYT and Wall Street throw Elite Bankers Erdoes and Staley under the Epstein Bus.
What particular fact convinced you 9/11 was an inside job and what part of 9/11 makes you most sceptical about conspiracy theories?
Voice Message.
Did Dayton Ohio Mass Shooter Already Die Once In 2014?
Hollywood releases film that depicts killing of ‘deplorables’ for sport.
"The Talented Mr Epstein"-old Vanity Fair article from 2003. The media elites loved this guy
This Event is no coincidence...A mass ritual is about to take place.
Wow
DAGÓN - H. P. LOVECRAFT 👾 NARRACIONES DEL CUERVO 👻 GRANDES MAESTROS DE...
Just gonna leave this graphic from ARCCloud
Tarantino refuses to apologize over Twitter sphere non issue and is in the news cycle in a course of hours.
Deep fakes are scary
[META] Post flairs
Subtle Pedophilia Being Pushed in a New Movie
MSM Conspiracy theories?
Games cause violence?
Andrew Yang, the entrepreneur running an outsider presidential campaign centered on the promise of a universal basic income, has qualified for the fall Democratic primary debates.
Black Man who allegedly said 'I don't like white people in my hood' charged with Shooting at 3 Whites
The Conspiracy of Darwinian Scientism is Collapsing
The Lost City of Atlantis - Hidden in Plain Sight? Lost Ancient Human Ci...
Someone's threatening to kill Dutchsinse because of the california earthquake
The biggest scandal/story of our life time...crickets.
Holographic Chemtrail Planes.
Who runs the US State Department?
It is legal to rig primaries in the U.S.
AOC's namesake and great great great great Grandpappy --- Biography of Hernán Cortés, Ruthless Conquistador (From Yeorope)
WE NEED A NEW CODE WORD FOR CONSPIRACY'S
Epstein’s townhouse(then owned by Wexner) had a leadlined bathroom with CCTV ‘reminiscent of James Bond movies’
Is Ebro on to something?
Is Amazon pushing for coed bathrooms? This screenshot was in Season 1 Episode 1 of "The Boys"
'Geno-economics' Is a Thing, But Maybe It Shouldn't Be
Japan to resume effort to tackle contaminated water problem at Fukushima
Judge greenlights libel suit against NPR over Seth Rich reports
Well put summary of the current state of the US
Let’s talk about CERN
Chris Morris: "Since 9/11 it has become Standard Operating Procedure. Informants encourage a Person of Interest to break the law and when they do, the FBI arrest them."
Former FBI chief admits CIA and FBI involvement in most terrorist attacks (VIDEO)
Why aren't government officials subject to regular and random drug testing?
Redditors are next level insane - these are the kinds of people that would use Jazz hands instead of clapping incase it affects someones personal privileged of sensory overload.
How the Supreme Court Is Rebranding Corruption
فروشگاه آنلاین مواد غذایی و کتب ایرانی با پخش سراسری در کانادا
Amazon is developing high-tech surveillance tools for an eager customer: America's police
Nothing To See Here: A Movie About Elite Liberals Hunting Trump Supporters Released Before Mass Murders -- Corporate Ads Pulled
Liberals be like
Human-animal hybrids to be developed in Japan after ban controversy lifted
On the issue of internet censorship: the left is against regulation while the right is for it
It appears Alex Jones may have been right about China's work on animal hybrids after all. First Human–Monkey Chimeras developed in China. Researchers aim to grow transplantable human organs from primate embryos.
They have got us all
Brown v Maxwell unsealing: The reason Epstein was arrested
I think the userleansbot should be allowed in this sub
The majority of people defending Facebook censorship are actually left-wingers using rightwiing talking points
Rosicrucianism
Media Companies and Campaign Organizers Work Together to Set up Attacks on Candidates - Yang
Media Overlords making sure the messaging is consistent.
Mega Group, Maxwells and Mossad: The Spy Story at the Heart of the Jeffrey Epstein Scandal
The War in Afghanistan is off topic and does not have to do with current US politics.
What are some good conspiracy channels on YouTube that are still active?
Why do I keep seeing the numbers 33,44,55,66 all day everyday?
New crypto gambling platform! FREE 0.02BTC for everyone!
Remember when Putin banned USA adoption?
How's Jeffie Epstein doing these days?
Connecting the pedophiles
Video game connected to zodiac killer?
Epstein found unconscious in his cell with injuries to his neck
Attention all refugees from /r/ChapoTrapHouse, you can immigrate here but you have to do it LEGALLY.
Anybody know anything about the Egyptian tomb supposedly found in the grand canyon?
Remember when CNN broke a story implicating the FBI in falsification of key evidence concerning the OKC bombing, then that information wasn't allowed to be spoken of during McVeigh's trial?
The Dyncorp link to Epstein is bigger.
Connecting the pedophiles
U.S. farmers suffer 'body blow' as China slams door on farm purchases
Hypothesis for the seeming contradiction: 'Evil' Jesuit conspiracy - 'Good' Jesus Christ
Pot Smoking Connected to Mass Shootings!! Says NYPost
Meet Charles Lister a man who went to Syria once in 2010, can not speak Arabic, White washes Islamists and is somehow seen as an expert profiting from the Syrian Civil war, influencing western foreign policy.
Official statement from PuttItOut on recent DDOS attacks on Voat website.
You know, the fact that the US, UK and Israel are on the side of al-Qaeda in Syria would be in the headlines if the CFR media wasn't colluding in pushing these orchestrated false flags?
Ohio shooter has been dead since 2014
What They Haven`t Told You | Mel Gibson &amp; Shia LaBeouf - Behind The Meltdown
Step 1: Label your opponents racist/bigot/backwards/anti-(group), Step 2: Execute Machiavellian population or political plan, Step 3:Ignore, gaslight and censor the disaster you have wrought that your opponents accurately predicted, Step 4: Repeat
Exxon to be sued
[META] 'Height of Unethical Journalism,' Say Critics, After CNN's Jake Tapper Compares Racist El Paso Shooter to Palestinians. Why would CNN express its faux outrage over illegal immigrant detainment but support Israeli apartheid?
Who is Jeffery Epstein and what is the scandal?
Is content in r/entitledpatents generated by bots?
Rabbit hole going deeper: Dershowitz stated that he met Epstein through Lady de Rothchild
[META] Media Matters: After the El Paso shooting, users on 4chan and 8chan say that Tucker Carlson has taken their talking points. The globalist propagandists are exploiting El Paso to advance their goal of silencing their opponents.
Normalizing the term reign for the President? Wasnt the point of the tweet but it caught my eye.
War by Deception &amp; The Empire Unmasked
Rabbit hole going deeper: Dershowitz stated that he met Epstein through Lady de Rothchild
The ghost of Charles Krauthammer haunts the halls of r/conspiracy
Do any of you have any documentation on (once) hidden documents about spirituality or religion in general?
Conspiracy Theory about Mass Shooters: Perhaps a different theory regarding "actors"
Walmart employee on gun sales: We needed to take a stand. When Walmart rightly fires this guy, watch the pro-globalist rants of faux outrage begin.
Really makes you wonder
What Caused A Total Solar Eclipse? UFO Passes In Front Of Sun?
What unbelievable things happened in religious texts that make you think they were just stories?
Niburu
5k upvotes, 500 comments. Just days after Trump launches attack at Google.
The Great Replacement for dummies - the destruction of European and Western European cultures and peoples by mass immigration and birth rates
Do you really think anything big is really going to come from Epstein trial?
PSA For Our Community and Social Media
[SERIOUS] Anybody know of any decent YouTube channels related to history, space, or conspiracy?
Man uber patriotic and does what the commander in chief wants. Scary Times!!
This isnt cicada 3301, what is it? Found near newcastle AUS
Big Pharma, Big Insurance, and Corporate Media and their relationship with Mass Shootings
MURDERLAND: Baltimore Residents Are Tired of Corruption and Violence | Reverend Al Confronted
Guys, pass this everywhere!
Hollywood is literally making a film about Liberal elites "hunting" and killing conservatives. This is mass murder civil war propaganda.
Hear me out... ! [adjusts tinfoil hat and bow tie] ... ...what if the current madness with the border and immigration is a distraction targeting the armed proles who’d otherwise be edging closer and closer to looking at the 1% as their real enemy?
Israel sure is doing a lot of shilling.
I think I can prove that Putin is not the bad guy
An easy way to figure out who truly holds the power
Just a thought
TCOWHN: #708 - Eddie Bravo
Epstein / Nickelodeon connection confirmed
[SERIOUS] What do YOU think is actually in the Smithsonian vaults and/or Vatican archives? What about the library of Alexandria and it's contents if ever brought to the public attention? What lost treasure or relics would they have been able to obtain?
Why with the war on drugs and the hundreds of billions of dollars spent are the same drug dealers still dealing drugs for 30 years?
Vampires in NZ?
2 Suns , white fake, the real yellow sun, chemtrailing etc.
Epstein Wexner misappropriated funds, Child sex ring
Add to this
Does anyone have any good source material on Epstein?
Playboy model, Natcha Jaitt killed for knowing too much?
CIA MKULTRA / Mind Control Declassified Documents Collection
Obituaries of Connor D. Betts from 2014 being mass deleted.
Great powers use MSM to breed hate to confine us into controllable tribal groups
Crazy paranoid theory incoming
The Simpson's Home Scissorhands episode prediction is for this weekend 8/10-8/11 golden gate bridge is the target in the episode--who will they blame? A trump Q supporter born in Iran? Loll stay vigilant!!
[PDF]Some guy has figured out some of the design of this realm, and articulated it really well, maybe
The pedophilia cabal is extensive, runs through Hollywood, US and world politics, business, and exists because they feel there's nothing greater than themselves. It's linked to the Panama papers, wikileaks, and there's no limit to the power they weild. They use children as currency.
Now that DynCorp has resurfaced with ties to Epstein, here's a video of Cynthia McKinney in 2006 questioning Donald Rumsfeld about DynCorp's corruption. This is nothing new people, this child sex trafficking operation has existed for a long time.
Test
E-Scooter as a surveillance tool
Undeniable Correlation Between Suicide/Mass Shootings &amp; Pharmaceutical Drug Use Being Openly Ignored
Adam Schiff, Debbie Wasserman Schultz Advise Think Tank Led By Jeffrey Epstein’s Brother
"Orange County knife attack" won't be suggested until after the "a" in attack. Maybe they don't want you to know about it.
This is the best article you will read about Jeffrey Epstein — for those concerned a Zionism this is a gold mine.
Britain urges Australia to join them and the US in the Persian gulf where Russia and Iran are currently doing drills.
C.Theorists of Reddit, what are some mind blowing YouTube videos that will probably get pulled by the Illuminati before long?
For anyone who wants to help us dig deeper into Epstein and his connections at the highest levels of government...
"9/11 Hysteria" and "Trump Derangement Syndrome" are the same thing. Sort of.
This is very intriguing. YouTuber decodes shortwave transmission then disappears off the internet.
Add to this
For anyone that wants to dig deeper into the Epstein case
[Meta] Guys, seriously, check account profiles!
red sun radio: alternative research chats - ufo stories
Does anybody have any thoughts or ideas, on why MUFON suddenly decided to stop making it's UFO reports viewable to the public?
What Yahoo has become
Milo Yiannopoulos says there's a conspiracy to cancel Joe Rogan.
Guys. Seriously. Check out account profiles.
The Australian government is cracking down on cash transactions over 10,000 dollars because I bought a Zimbabwean 10 trillion dollar at a souvenir/antique shop.
New things everyone should talk about
Why storm Area 51 when Hangar 18 exists? If the government had something to hide at 51 then they would have put down the post. Not even a President as been allowed entrance to Hangar 18 at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
What’s Up?
What else has the government been suppressing?
So now there is a movie coming out in September about the elites hunting humans...
Hard to believe it's already been 1 year since big-tech colluded against Alex Jones. 1 year later and he's still bigger than ever!
What are some of the scariest declassified documents made available to the public about alien life?
The Dayton Ohio mass shooters parents are connected to Dyncorp (CIA) and Les Wexner (Epstein)
This is how the Chinese Media frames the narrative around the Hong Kong protests
Jimmy Dore Absolutely Destroys Little Josh Rogan on His Warmongering Hit Piece on Tulsi Gabbard.
Mass-Stabbing Spree - LIVE BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE - Multiple Dead in Garden Grove, California USA
Any word on whether the 8Chan admins made a police report after they took down Cruisus' manifesto? If not, why?
Why is everyone talking about Ohio and Texas but not California?
Neighbors Say Ehud Barak 'Frequently' Visited Epstein Building
Tucker Carlson - 4D Chess propaganda is being waged against the American people
The Mainstream Media Wants The Mifsud Story To Just Go Away - TheWatchTowers.org
Venezuelan Regime Change
South Korea Government is using strong magnetic field to make people brainwashed , think what Gov. wants , even for making criminals.
x El Paso shooting suspect's mother went to police weeks before El Paso shooting
Without missing a beat, Mass Shootings by your common everyday US White Supremacist takes the MSM Narrative center stage - while the collapsed Russia Gate vanishes into thin air. Gears are shifted lighting quick these days.
Mark Passio Discusses Natural Divine law in Alex Jones Interview
New Mass Killing
Ninja's video timed with El Paso shooting?
The DECLASSIFIED PROJECT Which CONTACTED DEMONS!
New York City’s $15 Minimum Wage Is Now Officially a Disaster
Anyone know anywhere to find statistics on how many people killed more than 4 people with a firearm and their race?
We're All Enemies Of The State: Draconian Laws, Precrime &amp; The Surveillance State -The government’s proposed response to the latest mass shootings—red flag gun laws, precrime surveillance, fusion centers, threat assessments, mental health assessments, involuntary confinement—is just more of the same
Epstein's island shows microwave antennas as well as other infrastructure. Some of it has FCC licensing, and some doesn't. What are these antennas being used for?would love to hear what y'all think.
Storm Iraq's Stargate? It May Have Already Been Done.
Epstein's island shows microwave antennas as well as other infrastructure. Some of it has FCC licensing, and some doesn't. What are these antennas being used for?any ideas? would love to hear what ya think.
Preheating your oven is a conspiracy to add to your electric bill.
Business is about to pick up.
Florida governor orders probe into state attorney and sheriff's handling of Jeffrey Epstein case, after state senator collects 4,000 signatures asking for investigation. If you signed, WE HELPED MAKE THAT HAPPEN! WOOP 🙌🏼
The Racially-Motivated Attack The National Mainstream Media Is Ignoring
Can anyone explain to me the conspiracies surrounding Israel and the deep rooted history it has with the US? As I explore more conspiracies I always see Israel is somehow involved. I’m fairly new to this realm and want to educate myself!
EL Paso was deep state FF Dayton was Trump’s FF
Mitch McConnell is just the sacrifice given by the republicans
Donald Trump
Chapo Trap House subreddit quarantined for allegedly encouraging violence
10 SETI messages
Undeniable Correlation Between Suicide/Mass Shootings &amp; Pharmaceutical Drug Use Being Openly Ignored
We're All Enemies Of The State: Draconian Laws, Precrime &amp; The Surveillance State -The government’s proposed response to the latest mass shootings—red flag gun laws, precrime surveillance, fusion centers, threat assessments, mental health assessments, involuntary confinement—is just more of the same
Perhaps this video can shred some light into the computer tech that the saturn V used, any thoughts on this?
A quick thought.
El Paso shooters family released a statement.
Sweden's Sexual Assault Crisis Presents a Feminist Paradox - Who Is Higher on the Victim Scale, Muslim Rapists or their Victims?
Romanian engineers create fully-functional flying saucer: they call it the "All-Directional Flying Object."
what happened to the EL PASO video? was just lookin at it and now it’s been deleted? showed TV reports 20mins early?
The Democratic Socialist Convention 2019 — the movie Idiocracy in real life.
The Origins of NSA
Link to thread in comments
Found this weird YouTube channel... Do you guys know anything about it?
Account suspended due to suspicious activity
23 minutes BEFORE the El Paso shooting happened, this was on the news
Finally got the logo in. Wanted to keep it simple what do you guys think?
Well that's a lot to unpack.
Scandinavian Designs is a front for human trafficking.
The Garlic shooter on the left. The El Paso shooter on the right. What will the Ohio shooter look like?
Manchurian White Supremacists
Are the "nazi trolls" on /pol/ FAKE? It would seem so. Look. The thread was a set up. None of them, out of 16 respondents, could see the meme.
Epstein’s Nazi Brain: Eugenics and Transhumanism
UN expert criticizes States for ‘ganging up’ on Wikileaks’ Assange; warns against extradition, fearing ‘serious’ rights violations
Short and simple
Garlic Festival Footage I haven’t seen here
Honduras president urged to resign
Missing British astrophysicist Natalie Christopher is found dead in a 65ft ravine on Greek island of Ikaria
MSNBC Pushes INSANE Conspiracy About Trump, We Are Falling Into Mass Hysteria
I believe Redditors who speak out may have been monitored and followed by government officials, in order to to brigade us with downvoted and shut out ideas down. And that is why when we see this list, we should get together and see if we can find any similarities between our followers.
"senseless" violence
Did anything ever come of this?
Tulsi Gabbard tells an MSNBC host that she is peddling propaganda in a clip from Jimmy Dore.
Brand new manifesto was just posted to 4chan 10 minutes ago, thread completely vanishes. be careful
Mods can be as young as 15 and this is not acceptable.
Why can't I find any posts about The D__LL_Y Show (purposely didn't fill in his name) being banned from Twitter?
Apparently something is going down in Christchurch.
Interesting patents on some UNBELIEVABLE TECH related to UFOs. Release very recently too!
Mitch McConnell and GOPers use private email servers in russia to side skirt foia and treason laws.
Footage from Garlic Festival I haven’t seen before
What The Big Con Really Is....
Anybody have any notable FBI or CIA declassified files??
First Orwell Video - Banned from YouTube - [RePost] - Anon Whistleblower claims to work at underground facility
Misinformation
The_donald is officially dead
Tamerlan Tsarnaev: Terrorist. Murderer. Federal Informant?
What’s the goal here?
Anyone open to starting a Reddit community for open-minded, peaceful, positive ideas for the current state of the world?
White Supremacists say Whites are becoming a minority in The U.S.
Dayton Shooting: Are There Irregularities? Does the Evidence Match the Narrative?
Was James Fields's geolocation compared only to Dwayne Dixon's word?
Democracy does not work anymore if social media bosses can control the way how people think and vote.
MSM and you; or A need for definitions and clarifications.
[9/11] This is a surveillance camera facing the Pentagon. Can anyone here make a FOIA Request to obtain the footage from Sep. 11th 2001?
[Meta] Jeff Bridges plays a history professor giving a lecture on extremists. Arlington Road (1999)
"Campaign Contributions &amp; Campaign Finance - Waseem D. Ezzie" — Read and discuss on #ManyStories https://www.mnys.me/Byk7EAuXS
Judge overseeing key Jeffrey Epstein-related suit dies
[9/11] This is a surveillance camera facing the Pentagon. Can anyone here make a FOIA Request to obtain the footage from Sep. 11th 2001?
Does anyone else find it ironic that most gun control advocates are anti-police, yet they support a police-state where no citizen has guns.
YouTube Trending page won’t allow me to Report, block, Unsee this stupid child.
Fox vs. El Paso Manifesto
America NOW
Former FBI Official Raves That Trump Ordered Flags Flown At Half-Staff "To Honor Hitler"
Revealed: Microsoft Contractors Are Listening to Some Skype Calls
Does anyone else find it ironic that most gun-advocates are anti-police, yet they support a police-state where no citizen has guns.
An Open Invitation to Tyranny
I want to thank you all very much.
Paralyzed kitten healed through acupuncture
A classic poem (edited for conservatives)
Give me 2 different topics and i'll make up a conspiracy theory for it
The social order today goes against our biological nature - thus creating unhappiness in Humanity
Epstien and NXIVM Judges **BOTH** appointed by Clinton &amp; tied to Lady Rothschild
22 dead. Dozens injured. One shooter. One 30 round magazine. Slack pants and a t shirt
Obama rapes &amp; kills 2 boys. DeBlasio 5, Buttgieg 5, Cuomo 4, Murray 3, Dorsey 3, Thiel 3. Trump $4 billion to cover. Pelosi $3 billion to help bring the boys over the border
Hundreds of undocumented workers arrested in massive immigration raids same day as Trump's visit to El Paso. Ballsy or Deepstate action?
If Bernie Sanders gets elected president, it is very likely that he'll be assassinated.
‘Be water’: Hong Kong protesters adopt Bruce Lee tactic to evade police crackdown
Interesting
Trump and the Nikola Tesla connection
US government is conspiring with US farmers and corporations to continue poisoning what we eat.
nation·think - the practice of thinking or making decisions as a nation or nations leaders in a way that discourages creativity or individual responsibility. (the so called propaganda is the consequences of groupthink at the highest circumstantial levels)
Dyncorp pay attention to its main offices.
Podcasts?
I am being Truman Show'ed
This.
“Orwell” is back! Looks like they are re-posting the banned videos?
What is the purpose of running drills at the same time as an attack.
Sinclair feed lines to THOUSANDS of pundits.
Why is there no live stream from the moon?
Fox Vs El Paso Manifesto. (Xpost from r/ television.)
Everything You're NOT Supposed to Know About Suppressors (and more)
An overview of Epstein and his connections. Posts like this is the real reason that 8chan was shut down.
If you don’t have your phone cameras covered you are being spied on.
New California Sex Ed Framework is further proof of indoctrination of our youth "While students may not fully understand the concepts of gender expression and identity, some children in kindergarten and even younger have identified as transgender or understand they have a gender " full PDF attached
Has this made national news yet?
'John Bolton tried to assassinate me': Interview with Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro
The 'journalist' who first discovered El Paso shooters manifesto is rabidly anti-gun and Trump. He also is close to the FBI and given access to powerful former FBI agents for his journalism company only being in around for 3 months.
Anyone help a redditor out? Dude decides secret shortwave code, puts it on YouTube, disappears...
Critical Thinkers Are Potential Terrorists According To The FBI
UNHOLY SHIT! Here's the FULL TEXT of Chapter 5 of El Paso dad's book, "Crystal Bowls and James of God"!!!
Not sure if this was shared here but...
In this age of gender neutrality
I know it's not the hot topic right now but I find it VERY odd that this Venezuelan troop is using a suppressed AR57. This rifle is set up to feed rounds from a top mounted P90 magazine, and drops the casings into the gutted magazine at the bottom.
New hit piece on Tulsi Gabbard tries to tie her to white nationalists
The curiously opaque origins of the El Paso shooters "manifesto".
Conspiracy theories
Area 51
Psychedelics and MKultra
10 Times the U.S. was punished for trying to have moral/fair middle east policy
Weird noise..
Some things just are not coincidences. Just some thoughts about all of the nuance and intricacies that seem to always link national occurrences with underground conspiracies.
Jeffrey Epstein, Clinton’s State Department, Don King, NY’s art elite, and a $1.2 billion dollar Ponzi scheme
What about 9/11?
Regarding The Greenbrier Bunker
Industrial Society and its Future
The Door Out of the Matrix. Natural Divine Law
Bodies found in manhunt believed to be Canadian teens suspected in killing spree
MKUltra is now all wireless
The Jesuit Order (Full Documentary)
Can some one give me the exact phrasing of the amendment on the smith and Mundt act that allows propaganda on the American people?
New Cybersecurity Non-Profit Full of Russiagaters - News From Antiwar.com
Research by the University of Chicago found that 1 year of Transcendental Meditation reduces violent crime in high schoolers by 65-70%. Fundamentalist Christians are trying to shut down the study.
Germany may Introduce "Meat Tax" to Protect The Environment.
Ex Nun Exposes Jesuits
Discussion on Obama interjecting in current events.
Funny How These 2 Stories Wont Be Reported by U.S. MSM
How likely is it that Russians are systematically working to dismantle our 2nd Amendment?
Fedposting on places like 8ch / 4ch
I recently found out about MK ultra
Connecting the dots in El-Paso. Shooter's father has ties to CIA mind control, sexual abuse ring, has a creepy YouTube channel. Let's get to the bottom of this. [REPOST CAUSE REMOVED]
Followers are paid shills that are paid to down vote anything of substance
Koch-Funded Group Helped Develop Plan to Kill Future of Phoenix Light Rail
Does anyone know who this guy is and why he winked when the King talked about the moon landing?
[Theory] RIP Donald Trump, June 14, 1946 August 7, 2019.
Cover up
Where can I buy an original copy of Behold a Pale Horse?
Mega Group, Maxwells, and Mossad: The Spy Story at the Heart of the Jeffrey Epstein Scandal. The picture painted by the evidence is not a direct Epstein tie to a single intelligence agency but a web linking key members of the Mega Group, politicians, and officials in both the U.S. and Israel.
John of God update: More charges as defense lawyers all quit (Brazil healer promoted by Oprah accused of sexual assault, rape, and selling babies)
[META] Propaganda / Disinfo accounts on r/conspiracy
Legalize all drugs. Watch gun violence drop?
Where did the post about the El Paso shooters connection to John of God go?
Joe Rogan bashed Bernie Sanders before having him on the podcast. - Discussion
List of Mass Shooters and The Big Pharma Psych Drugs they Were On. America is #1 Medicated in the World
Episode 43: 'Come back!' the Caterpillar called after her. 'I've something important to say!
MSNBC Saying that Trump Lowering Flags on 8/8/2019 Represents 88, HH, or Heil Hitler
Blatant Over Reach and Expansion of Power: Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg says alliance needs to address the rise of China
Into the Wild Conspiracy: If he was truly alone in the wilderness, who took this photo? Somethings fishy.
israel isn't an ethnostate goy, it's a coincidence that we genocide other races while giving our race perks
IF an event is a false flag, the victims are most likely real, even the shooter may be a patsy. We are dealing with crazy psychopaths who have no issue in killing people to bring their agenda one step forward
'israel isn't an ethnostate you stupid goy we just grant favors to israelites and oppress people who aren't'
Listen closely. El Paso shooter's father, who rented space and learned "healing techniques" from John of God, says something very strange in this video. Seems coded.
Almost complete black out of Bernie Sanders time on Joe Rogan Experience.
Merely looking at information will not infect you with something unwanted.
This is absolutely unacceptable. They are threatening Trump campaign donors
President Trump addressing the press earlier today
Wikihow could be something we uses in the future to make robots act like humans
Dayton shooter dead in 2014?
Trump orders flags lowered to half-mast till 8/8 - possible nod to white supremacy
Is there any conspiracy between Apple and Circle?
I've proven a Conspiracy theory to be fact. Next is to hold those accountable for their actions. Who killed Mike Cormier?
r/ufos blocked this information from being posted.
Are there any conspiracy surrounding the scare in Times Square. That was said to be a false alarm?
Strange New Satanic/Pedo themed Youtube Channel!
A massive False Flag event on Saturday to distract from the Jeffrey Epstein files getting released?
Take Caution patent 6506148b2
Weird that there were 4 consecutive shootings just a day before the release of the Epstein Documents, ya know, the documents implying hundreds in a worldwide sex trafficking conspiracy.
$GOOGL - Appeals court concerned consumers will be overlooked in Google’s $5.5 million settlement over alleged privacy violations
First police cracked out the black population and now they’re manipulating the rest of the population but we haven’t figured out how. Most likely more obvious than we think.
I do find it, suspicious how there are drills always around the times of these shootings/attacks. Then of all people my, conservative Uncle said maybe it’s for footage?
Mike Pence appears with three sets of ‘anti-LGBT extremists’ in five days
What if this Area 51 meme is a distraction from something else that will happen on September 20th?
Have you heard of the case of Paulo Pavesi?
Pesticide widely used in US particularly harmful to bees, study finds
The darkest conspiracy theory story
8 Chan owner Jim Watkins official video statement on everything - says the Manifesto was not uploaded by the murderer and was first uploaded to Instagram
Crashed Israeli Spacecraft Spilled Tardigrades on the Moon
Liberals and Democrats are just puppets of Wall Street. They are what they said the tea party was
Three of my comments have been removed because they are “new” 🤨
That time Hezbollah was funded by Austin Texas night clubs
Navy SEAL has Assets Seized for Trying to Expose Elite Pedophile Ring
A Significant Economic Shift Just Happened that Usually Happens Just Before a Recession, Depression, Collapse
Donald Trump Exposed As An Inside Tool of The Zionist Swamp - (List of Zionists in Key Positions)
The Owner of 8ch Says the El Paso Shooter DID NOT Post the Alleged Manifesto on the Site. It was Posted to Instagram...It is Still Unclear Whether the Manifesto is even real.
Flashback: ‘The Most Significant UFO-Related Leak Of The Century’
What newspaper did this appear in? It appears to say "Quesada said she saw FOUR MEN, dressed in black, moving together firing guns indiscriminately. Police confirmed only one gunman."
9/11 Predictive Programming
Be like this man and Just Say No! to government tyranny and gun grabs. Everytime an event like El paso happens, the governments only solution is to punish the Majority or citizens who have done nothing wrong. We should all aim to be a little more like this man
Look at how they are conditioning people.
Gordon from Those Conspiracy Guys podcast has defrauded his listeners of $40,000 and seems to have gotten away with it
It's 75 years ago, why do the media still talk about the Holocaust so much?
A sign falls on the ground in a Utah mall, someone screams "shots" and the whole place is evacuated.
I'm exploring a possible link between the so-called "Mandela Effect" and a public continuation of Project MK Ultra. I thought you may like to read it.
What's the deal with "clinical examination and evaluation A"?
A wee tip for the Area 51 stormers don’t all be congregating in the one area surround the the place camp all around it encircle it keep them fuckers on they’re toes
You are Mind Controlled.
Creepy “artwork” website from NLNL. Has a lot of symbolism and adrenochrome related stuff. “The younger the better”
"They" are trying to stop the awakening and "We" are trying to start it. Only problem is that none of us know who "they" or "we" are.
Two deep fakes currently on the front page of /r/videos
Jon Whoover is on to the Ohio schenanigans. This guy does solid work with video evidence. Work on Vaygas was mindblowing.
Both Parents of Dayton Ohio Shooter Conner Betts are Deep State and connected to DARPA. Father and Mother "owns" Minethurn, a company that has had government contracts with DARPA, has 81 employees, and an estimated annual revenue of $27.3M.
Tulsi Ends the Kamala Deep State Farce, Harris Plummets to 1% with Black Dems After Second Debate
John Pilger: Do not forget Julian Assange ...
Oversight Report Shows The NSA Did Not Delete All The Inadvertently-Collected Phone Records It Claimed It Had Deleted
Harvey weinstein was actually the secret CEO of IMDB and you could only get high ratings if you could fit his limp penis inside your mouth
DONALD TRUMP EXPOSED AS AN INSIDE TOOL OF THE ZIONIST SWAMP - (LIST OF ZIONISTS IN KEY POSITIONS)
Why did the El Paso shooter shoot white people?
Disney knew about trumps wall years before anyone else.
Disney knew about trumps wall years before anyone else.
Okay this is going to be a blind item like crazy days and nights....
Trump Told Ivanka To Release A Sex Tape To Boost Her Career
Evidence that ERA5-based Global Temperatures Have Spurious Warming
State Department Wife exposes the Shadow Government
Panic in Times Square after motorcycle backfire mistaken for gunshots
Ethics of CIA and Military Contracting by Psychiatrists and Psychologists By Ross, Colin A.
Eric Holder: "We need to brainwash kids every day and at every level to understand that gun ownership is wrong and if the kid knows someone who owns a gun, the kid should tell the government'. Watch this 1 minute video.
If Elected President, Bernie Sanders Promises to Tell Us About Aliens
Update: Redacted text of /u/moses600 theory. Connecting the dots of the El-Paso shooter.
Reports suggested that 'at least six of the men the FBI claimed were hijackers' in the 9/11 attacks 'were in fact alive' after September 11
The Reason For Mass "Shootings"!
Pentagon says Daesh is resurgent after withdrawal of US troops: After Trump pledged to withdraw troops from Syria last December due to the "defeat" of Daesh, there was widespread disagreement among US political and military figures. The war machine *must* be maintained.
Extremely advanced triangular UFO witnessed by Air Force vet, his family, and neighbors in 1960. It was silent, hovered, took off at tremendous speed, had a light at each tip, and a revolving light in the center. This same craft caused the 1989-91 Belgian wave. Source and other material in comments.
Aiya Napa "false rape claim" defence lawyer resigns
"I personally interviewed two survivors of the Batman shooting. All the debriefed witnesses were threatened with prosecution for aiding and abetting terrorism if they told their story in a way that was not approved by the FBI".
Tucker Carlson discusses the current division of white vs. black sewn by the powers that be. Divide and conquer
Muhammad forced people from their homes, forced POWs to convert, held captives for ransom, had sex with a preteen, claimed to talk to angels and even god himself, and he executed a little Jewish granny called Zeynab.
William Rodriguez was one of the main janitors in the WTC during 9/11. He was in the basement and saw explosions coming out of elevator shafts. And explosions in the basement prior to the first impact. These reported explosions are why we see fire depts at the WTC before first impact.
Does someone have the picture of the two shooters outside of the Cielo Vista Mall? I can't find it anywhere.
Is it true
This Sums Up Recent Events
[SERIOUS] Anyone have any cool stories?
INDIANA JUDGE SENTENCES MAN TRANSPORTING $5 MILLION IN DRUGS THROUGH VIGO COUNTY, INDIANA TO PROBATION
Submission ritual
Internal documents have proven: Operation Fast and Furious was used to increase gun violence at the border, attempting to influence gun legislation here in the US. If they're capable of this, they are capable of engineering school shootings for the same goal.
Is "Q/Qanon" mouvement near to be a religious cult ?
Divide - Jeff Williams (feat. Casey Lee Williams) a song that describes what is happening now
Mental health, the medical system, and the passing of one of my closest friends. RIP obyn. You are loved and you will be missed.
High Quality Post: Ellen DeGeneres's CIA connection. Extremely well-sourced for a 2019 piece. A must read.
Major Escalation Coming Soon : Iran
Bernie Sanders speaks the truth
Robert Kraft
Do you believe some people have "handlers"? Why or why not?
You Can 'Major' In Social Justice At This Nearly $70,000/Year California College
The Democratic Party has been taken over by extremists who are attempting one party rule over the next 15 years. They want to demonize the right wing and make anyone who isn't far left a Nazi to justify putting us all down or in camps eventually.
Many subs now won't publish posts if the title has '
Daily Mail 14 July 2016 - Interesting Pictures of Epstein's Home in Palm Beach
The El Paso Shooter's Story Keeps Getting Weirder...
Perhaps old news to most but just another example of why US “democracy” is a thinly veiled attempt to give the population the illusion of a mini revolution every 4 years. It’s a ruse.
BREAKING: Mike Gravel endorses Tulsi Gabbard &amp; Bernie Sanders
Paris shooting was fake. Syrian Muslims were framed. Eagles of death metal are bad actors. This hoax gave the "government complete control over France. If they want to enter your home they can" Sounds familiar
Noticing a massive slowdown in loadtime for this subreddit specifically. I use obfuscation for personal security and it has never given me issues. Is this part of the out of the blue "conspiracy theorist crackdown"?
Conspiracy Theorists in Lincoln, Nebraska?
Must See - American Citizen tells his local government that time has come to listen to the majority for once. He states a very rational argument against the gun grab. Every time a shooting happens, they take away our ability to arm ourselves for the next one
American Schools - Top tips for grooming the skills of Assertiveness among students
I bet autonomous vacuum cleaners could be a way to map out rooms and households or businesses.
Pre-Neo nazi hence reformed to court sessions
Look at how much they doctored this image..
Actual thought control, and you soon may not even have the rights to your own mind.
AmbiSonic Meditation Music | Healing Frequency Tones ✚ 528hZ Solfeggio | 8D Audio.
[META] So a question for the proud nationalists of the conspiracy subreddit
Project onto your opponent your own weakness... This concept might explain the the media's fascination with 'white supremacists'.. Gods chosen people are the real supremacists full of hate
How do you guys feel about VR and all of this deepfake technology like face app?
El Paso victim describes "calmest shooter ever"
I feel like this is relevant to "thought control"
Did an autistic, mentally ill shooter write the mystical manifesto or George Soros? 🤔
religion
It's a little suspicious that the El Paso shooting happened when Beto O'Rourke is starting to get some traction (Betos hometown)
"Since the beginning of time."- "Quote" in quotations. who was the first person to say "Since the beginning of time."?
Raising minimum wage to a living wage WONT bankrupt your business.
Something is suspicious about this logo
Something is suspicious about this logo
This logo is a little suspicious
This logo is a little suspicious
This logo is a little suspicious
Dayton Mass Killer was a Commie, Antifa Racist who HATED WHITE PEOPLE
8chan head Jim Watkins has been summoned to Congress
We all had a weird feeling
Relax. The Revolution will be Live Streamed.
How to view censored reddit threads
Joe Rogan will be taken out by the establishment - Milo Yiannopoulos
Meet the US’s spy system of the future — it’s Sentient
The day everyone had a bad feeling
The day everyone had bad feeling
White nationalists &amp; Antifa are fictional bogeymen who are completely social engineering constructs of legacy and social media intended to cause fear, anger, and resentment in "us" against "them" I've never seen either of them in real life.
Breakaway Civilization
Holy shit! Watch Jupiter Ascending on Netflix
Birth rates going down, does this not go along with the globalist agenda?
Youtube caught again promoting random youtubers on trending...
The Epstein Scandal
"We harvest ...10 tons of [organic] tomatoes every year. Can them all, store them in the basement, and have like a harvest party when it gets loaded in." -- James Alefantis Rothschild
I have some questions about Larry Silverstein, please...
The similarities are striking...
Human Trafficking in Southafrica
Why yes I do live next to a 5g cell tower how can you tell
Crusius (Aug. 3 shooter) may have gotten assistance writing Manifesto. 8ch owner says manifesto wasn't uploaded by El Paso walmart shooter.
US withdrew from nuclear treaty
[SERIOUS] What kinds of technology is out there hidden from the public and what might we expect to see within 50 years?
Homeland Security has sent a letter to 8chan owner
Democrats and Republicans are on the same side.
I never knew Operation Mongoose was a U.S. sabotage campaign designed to overthrow Fidel Castro by October 1962. It failed, but was a key reason (then-Soviet Premier) Nikita Khrushchev sent nukes into Cuba.
Willy Wonka
How does one learn about certain conspiracy theories like ‘pancreas denial’? From what i’ve read on the surface web, it is very secretive, accessible only on the dark web. Why is it so hardly spoken of aswell?
How a data detective exposed suspicious medical trials
Could the government (or other organization) potentially be using their funding to manipulate black market weed? They could add whatever chemicals they want to wax/oil cartridges and then sell it at a loss to distributors.
What "conspiracy theory" has the most documented evidentiary support and cogent supporting arguments and yet remains generally classified as a "conspiracy theory"?
Thoughts about work4hds ad
Ever have predictive programming relate to something personal in your life?
It was done on purpose
Boy Scouts of America have a 'pedophile epidemic' and are hiding hundreds in its ranks, lawyers claim The Abused in Scouting lawyers say they've identified 350 predator scoutmasters and represent 800 victims.
The Stan Deyo lifter re-engineered
How is Demi Moore making out with a 15 year old a bigger deal??
Did anyone actually believe Trump was anti-establishment?
red sun radio: alternative research chats - pyramids on the moon &amp; why NASA will never return
Not so much conspiracy, but when you go digging, interesting things come to light.
CEO at a big British bank got fired for apparently secretly loaning money to China to keep their currency afloat.
‪Trump’s Terrorists: “I think if you only shoot a couple (Mexicans) they will go home.”‬
Instructions how to navigate the multiverse of time and space. "moving mental mountains exercise"
Democrat for Trump Speaks Out
Joe (5’8) vs. Bernie (6’0) ?!!!!
World War Four Has Begun
‘Death Camps For Trump Supporters’ Fliers Posted in New York
Facebook posts regarding Epstein being deleted
Just a Heads Up: FEMA emergency to broadcast 8/7/19
Can we cure greed? GreedVAX.com
Dwight from The Office: “What about HUMAN BABY MEAT? RT what should I eat for dinner? I’m thinking PASTA?!”•”Beautiful day for the RITUAL SCARIFICATION OF A VIRGIN!” •“... to KIDNAP AND CHEW ON HUMAN BABIES”•“ I DRAINED THE BLOOD of a goth kid. Does that make be a goth?”•”Wash my hair w BABY URINE”
Bernie says he will release the info on the UFOS if elected president.
Millions uniting for something other than Area 51 to start a change
"A first-hand SHTF account from Kashmir" This should be the main story on all MSM networks. Why isn't it?
Somebody was really trying to make a point about miss information with that recent image of H. Clinton in a hospital.
does this photo taken at Amundsen–Scott South Pole Station prove Q is legit?
This chilling 9/11 video is posted on on the official TSA channel
So have we found out if this is an actual photo of the same guy?
Are China and the US doomed to conflict? (2015) |
FBI Insider: El Paso Shooter Told Officials It was the Democrat Debate on Free Healthcare to Illegals -- Not Trump. -- That Triggered His Mass Shooting.
Epstein and NXIVM Judges Both Appointed by Bill Clinton and Lady Rothschild's 6 Connections to Both Cases
Is there any actual evidence for Rivers Cuomo being Kurt Cobain?
ChristChurch Interdimensional Socks
PSA: Mis Vs Dis-information
Remember during the Obama era when you said Closed down Walmarts were gonna be used for concentration camps?
The Truth behind the Pedophilia, the Never-Ending Wars - the Poison in the Air Food and Water, the Insanity in the Mainstream Media - the Fact that Fluoride that cause people to become Dumber &amp; Fatter! The Human Harvesting - Are we Farm Animals so dumb we don't even know it!?
Holographic London 3 -Insane in the Left Brain
Have any of you seen this?
This is quite overt.
Secret Meeting on the Privatization of Nuclear War Held on Hiroshima Day 2003
Connection between recent infiltrators from the_don and actual mass murders?
Pizzagate: What Is It?
Choice of logo for ice cream that appeals to kids
Just Warning Everybody About CNN Money. Do Not Trust Them. They Post Explicitly Fake Analyst Forecasts
Nickelodeon’s “All That” disgusting pedo skit
Cloud.exe is lagging
We already live in a police state under total surveillance and you fucks want more?
Can anyone explain to me the actual difference in Republican vs Democrats?
Is a false-flag attack coming for Hong Kong?
Does the CIA ever say, it's time for President Pence?
[URGENT] Message from "ORWELL" - Shut Down = [FAILED]
[self post] THE UN/EU PLAN TO HANDLE "HATE SPEECH".
Some useful information about the whole Connor Betts situation.
Pedo symbology on a Les Wexner funded property
We Won't Get Fooled Again! The Anatomy of a False Flag Event
Beto O'Rourke Smiling and Laughing while addressing his hometown shooting
GOP Texas Speaker refuses to share ‘Damaging’ tapes to the media and democrats.
Quit falling for misinformation, no matter where it comes from.
Symbolism in Modern Horror Films
MAGA! Hong Kong Freedom Fighters Use American Flag As Symbol Of Resistance Against Communist China! USA! USA! USA!
What if it gets revealed that the recent mass shooting were set up by the Democratic Party?
Does anyone have that pic of the two shooters outside the Walmart looking in the door?
Facebook Glitch? Debated on actually posting another gun related pic. I'm weired out by the fact that Facebook search shows 5 hours ago, and this "just" happened according to other stories/posts. Am I just overthinking this?
r/holdmyfeedingtube.mod bans a user because he is white.
13 yearold child gets skull fractured for not removing hat for anthem
Ellesmere Island Find- Is it an old work camp? Army ex. ended in cannabilism, is it them? #Look Closely and you'll see the outlines of buildings.
Am I a piece of shit?
lightbulb working for long time
Alleged FBI document from 1947 that gives evidence of UFO and extra terrestrials
Keep digging through the misinformation people.
Levels of epiphanies (in our modern America) Note, these do not always occur in order! - This is a list of levels I think people have to unpack when they start to look deeper. Just wanted to see if anyone agrees
MAGA! Hong Kong Freedom Fighters Use American Flag As Symbol Of Resistance Against Communist China! USA! USA! USA!
A theory on the [24 hour] warning that Q Anon gave before the shootings. The warning was for the deep state perpetrators of the false flag shooting. Q-team was letting them know - you have 24 hours to reconsider what you are about to do, if you decide to go ahead with it after that we have you.
Can I get a summary of what’s suppose to happen on August 11th? Or the link to the Reddit posts
New here and confused af
Whoever controls the sub is a stool pigeon for the Israeli government!!!
Prepare for an attack against “violent ideologies”
Owner of 8chan Says the Manifesto Was NOT Uploaded By the El Paso Walmart Shooter
was this found out to be photoshop? don't attack pls just genuinely curious
What if aliens existed to help us? Don’t you think if they wanted to blow up the planet they would have happily done it by now?
Does anyone have updates on the Epstein case lately? It’s been lost in the shootings
It's going down RIGHT NOW. Time to open up full throttle on sharing &amp; disseminating the info, ideas &amp; connections re mind control, Epstein, academia, psychiatry, intelligence agencies, the occult, political corruption - here, voat, chans &amp; all over normie &amp; alt. social media
SEX SCANDAL ROCKS FBI: Top Agents Under Fire For Reported Sexual Affairs with CNN Reporters!
Zuck is the founder and leader of the antifa movement.
Mandela Effect - Three Undeniable Residuals of Evidence
/r/chapotraphouse was set up to fail
Bob Lazar Song - KIRKS
Was the Ohio shooter a Chapo user?
Walmart used to take out life insurance policies on their employees and keep the payouts when they died, a practice colloquially known as “Dead Peasant Insurance”
Uploaded the first part of my personal "tell it all" manifesto
The only reason the shooting took place in El Paso is Trump's wall was built there first. The other shootings took place in swing states.
Calling bullshit on the official Dayton shooting narrative.
Hollister pedo boylover symbol...
The Devine speak through the inspiration of artists
Trumps Plan
Aliens, what may we expect them to be like
Ontario police are covering up the true cause of the death of a 19-year old on an ATV in 2012
Reddit admins removing anti cop history from CTH, which they just quarantined
This is One of the Last Bastions
Bernie Sanders praising Jesuit Cuban and Nicaraguan Communists.
President Macron and the current governor of the central bank of France are apprentices of the Jesuits.
Catholics and apprentices of the Jesuits at the head of the world's top 50 super connected companies. (X-post from r/Romerules)
The Jesuits control Peru's Central Bank. (X-post from r/RomeRules)
Facebook now makes it easy to target ads in US Politics
Even more John Lear (podcast)
WW2 was a war between Christ vs anti-Christ - Anti-Christ won and started spreading lies about Christ.
so uh. My friend saw this outside her window a few months ago, And had no idea what it was. So she took a picture of it and came back to it being gone in the morning... Has anybody had similar experiences or seen something with this shape before??
Please Watch
Uncovered Texts Show that the FBI's Peter Strzok Met with the UK's MI5 as Early as August 2016
el paso mass shooting was done to test mind control tech
[Meta] Discussion: Reddit admins have quarantined /r/Chapotraphouse
Voat alt? Ill buy
Had this in my mind for a while.
"White Nationalism" simply means white people having nations for themselves and the right to exist and preserve their culture. By demonizing white nationalism, the NWO Establishment admits that their goal is to destroy all white nations
StunnyG presents his political rap lyric video “Sacrifice”! Following some advice I received here, I added in video clips as I did before, showing truth from other sources to more emphasize my lyrics. Also used footage of the ‘Yellow Vest Movement’. Feedback is genuinely encouraged &amp; appreciated!
What did he done this time?
the GREAT decrease: Shrink Towards Abundance
With Trump being president you would think that 3rd Party groups would get attention on the news. This should give them gas but we get an endless list of Democrats to split the majority.
TRYFG video of a fetus in a persons hand.
Thoth's Prophecy (over 4,500 years old) Accurately Predicts what is going on in the World Today (Animation)
They are coming for the guns.
MAGA! Hong Kong Freedom Fighters Use American Flag As Symbol Of Resistance Against Communist China! USA! USA! USA!
New Corbett Report - 'Conspiracy Theorists Are Domestic Terrorists!'
MK Ultra and the El Paso Shooting (Blog article by Kurt Nimmo)
CIA involvement in Hong Kong
What is this hole by Epsteins temple?
Jesuits
Do you think people who fear chemtrails have a deal with the aluminum industry?
MANDELA EFFECT- THREE UNDENIABLE RESIDUALS OF EVIDENCE
New Video of Pedophile Island by Rusty Shackleford -3PM EST AUG 6
FBI calls on Congress to make domestic terrorism a federal offence following call to make “conspiracy theorists” domestic terrorists
The Flu Shot is safe because the professionals in this video said so.
Russian protest couple face losing custody of son
8 Chan and Reddit Were Having Issues for the past couple of hours. Was something exposed?
Somebody please explain to me what this video that i found is/means
Legacy.com, the webpage with the obituary of another Connor Betts, may have been created on Aug 4th according to Carbon Dating the Web, a Norfolk, VA university website that computes the creation date of any webpage. Was this webpage created purposley to divide the conspiracy community?
Anyone run into this mysterious Wiki?
How The Hell Is This NOT Front Page News?!
Mass shootings and school drills
Mass Shooting Hysteria Exposed By Stats
The Sputnik Hoax
Legacy.com, the webpage with the obituary of another Connor Betts, may have been created on Aug 4th according to Carbon Dating the Web, a Norfolk, VA university website that computes the creation date of any webpage. Was this made to purposely divide the conspiracy community after the shooting?
The El Paso shooting took place on Simon property. The reason no one fired back in a state where everyone open carries.
Texas House Speaker Dennis Bonnen's quid pro quo deal, secret audio recording
Proximity of Comet Ping Pong to Buck's Hunting and Fishing
Gilroy Shooter "If I Only Had A Heart" Wizard of Oz Reference
"A Catholic Wind in the White House", By Daniel Burke , Sunday, April 13, 2008, Published by the Washington Post
"Why Catholics thrive in the CIA" Robert Wargas 5 May, 2016, published by The Catholic Herald
Garlic shooter Instagram post comment "when you get too wasted and accidentally shoot up the festival." - Who is Futboieden??? I have not seen any details on this
Catholic Church collects $1.6 billion in U.S. contracts, grants since 2012, The Washington Times September 24 2015
America is an absurd place full of absurd people doing things absurdly absurd.
Jesuit trained Bill Clinton's "REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT TO AMERICAN SEMINARIANS" at the Vatican, June 2nd 1994
Former CIA official E Howard Hunt admits "The Jesuits form the greatest Intelligence service in the world and always have"
Former CIA official E Howard Hunt admits "The Jesuits form the greatest service in the world and always have"
Jeffrey Epstein, Zorro Ranch, and evidence of DEEP digging in New Mexico
"New Democratic Party Leader Tom Perez has Deep Jesuit Connections", Michael J. O’Loughlin February 27, 2017, ( America Magazine)
This sub has been infiltrated
Look at this photo of a pile of shoes left behind at the Dayton crime scene. How could that many shoes fall off that many feel? Did the photographer stage these shoes or did the shoes pile themselves like that? I'm not buying it. Total nonsense.
Whatever happened to alien-ufos.com
Port Arthur Massacre false flag
Look at this photo of the Dayton crime scene. Can someone explain to me how that many shoes fell of that many feet? Did the photographer make a pile of shoes, or did the shoes pile themselves like that? Come on...
Snopes seems to believe they have "debunked" the 2014 obituary that appears to be for Connor Betts, labeling it as nothing more than "an incoherent conspiracy theory failed to take into account the ubiquity of coincidences". https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/connor-betts-dayton-died-2014/.
Mass shootings never really happened back then, why are they happening now in alarming numbers? To push an agenda.
Reddit censoring news about 8chan? I see the results for a second but it keeps doing this. Anyways https://youtu.be/yKPdbEAmWGE 8chan's owner claims shooter didn't post the Manifesto and it was posted on Instagram first.
what's the thing with the jfk curse?
"The Catholic takeover of the U.S. is almost complete" By David Gibson December 19, 2012, Commonweal Magazine
"Trump’s Catholic Warriors" ,Stephen Beale, published by the National Catholic Register, JAN. 31, 2017
"Donald Trump’s sister gives $4 million to Fairfield University" , Eleanor Roy, Palm Beach Daily News, October 13, 2016
Trump's Catholic Group: Santorum, Duffy, Nicholson, Matalin, | Newsmax
Papal Knight Rupert Murdoch says Newscorp is just like the Jesuits!
MULVANEY: CATHOLICISM IS DRIVING POLICY IN THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, The Daily Caller, April 23rd, 2019
The Jesuits admit that 10% of the U.S. 116th Congress are openly educated by them (The Jesuits)! January 3rd 2019
"Paul Ryan says America needs Catholicism weeks after failed chaplain ousting" CNN, May 24 2018
John Brennan discusses CIA Use Of Chemtrails, but Calls it "SAI, or Stratospheric Aerosol Injection"
Rumor-Robbie Lawler threw the fight with Colby Covington
Police can get your Ring doorbell footage without a warrant, report says
8chan was shut down by its service providers citing material support of terrorism predicated on the FBIs classification of 8chan as a terrorist org. Then the uploaded manifesto was used as an excuse but it was posted to Instagram first, not 8chan. This was a coordinated take-down of free speech.
If the United States government can mandate vaccine, theoretically, what stops them from mandating cyanide injections, isopropyl alcohol injections, etc?
Reminder: YOU are the target here.
Was the Victoria’s Secret Fashion show cancelled because of an Epstein connection
Seems like this is going to be one HOT August. SEX SCANDAL ROCKS FBI: Top Agents Under Fire For Reported Sexual Affairs with CNN Reporters
Got this removed by some basement dwelling virgin. Fuck mods, stop killing reddit and our freedom of speech! Interesting enough title!?
They told you what now?
Fox &amp; Friends host said it's 'a fact' that America is experiencing a Hispanic invasion, directly echoing the El Paso terrorist's manifesto
Is it true that all mass shooters were/are on some kind of prescription drug that affects their central nervous system?
RUMOR- Robbie Lawler threw the fight with Colby Covington
Shooting Reported at Walmart In Baton Rouge; Deputies Say Scene Is Active
Knowledge Bomb: Gamergate
The people we trust our children with are part of a vast conspiracy of abuse.
This is why it is important to remind white liberals that they are white. White liberalism is an ideology &amp; you don’t have to be white to be brainwashed by the white liberal ideology. White liberalism is a bigger threat to global stability than Israel or Russia.
The Brain Washing of the Partisan Bubbles and the Erosion of Civil Liberties to Stop a Preceived Existential Threat.
Is there a list of high level or high wealth VIP's thought to be involved in Pedophilia rings that haven't yet been exposed?
The next shooting
Fake news MSNBC
FAKE NEWS, FAKE NEWS, FAKE NEWS MSNBC
The Conspiracy Against the Recognition of Vitamins.
Why isnt there much coverage on one of the biggest wild fires in history (syberia) i see some sources say 2.6 million, while others say 5 million hectares. Whats the scoup?
Ancestry, 23andme
Whatever happened to getting a reason (a couple weeks later) for VP Pence heading back to the White House?
[ORIGINAL RESEARCH] Cato Institute Caught Fabricating Historical Record to Create Climate Change Propaganda
Neighbors in a building owned by the brother of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein said that former prime minister Ehud Barak was a “frequent presence” in their New York apartment building.
Six serving and former heads of Israeli intelligence services attended Ghislaine Maxwell fathers' funeral
Ghislaine Maxwell's father had strong links to Mossad.
Got banned from r/gun control.
FDA threatens criminal action against Novartis over faulty data used in application for $2.1 million gene therapy
El Paso Shooter Photo Discrepancy
The top post on /r/conspiracy about 'misinformation' on 4chan is literally a meme that has been going for over 3 years on the chans.
[ORIGINAL RESEARCH] CATO INSTITUTE CAUGHT FABRICATING HISTORICAL RECORD TO CREATE CLIMATE CHANGE PROPAGANDA
Reading list?
Its times like these that I like to remind people that the Feds run guns, circumventing gun control laws
What??
On The Boys Season 1 episode 1, why is there urinals in the women's restroom? I think this is Amazon pushing for transgenderism.
El Paso Shooter Entered Walmart by Mistake -- Was Supposed to Shoot Up Cielo Vista Mall, which was the Scene of a Drill Months Earlier. Majority Footage from Mall and Quick Trigger Media Posts Explained.
Google is fucking with anyone who uses its search engine, actively shaping our perceptions of the world around us. Example in point, from /r/Russia: "Russian Spring". Clearly, Google's agenda with regard to Russia is that it wants us to think about Russia in ways which are negative and untruthful.
Tulsi will not be "qualified"
Next on the msm "tv programming" agenda.....
Why is the Arkansas assessment website's tab icon the symbol for boy love?
Former AFL-CIO President [Jesuit trained] Lane Kirkland dies: a Cold War anti-communist and servant of big business, World Socialist Website, August 21 1999
r/conspiracy is a frontline a war.
If you are into the Freemason conspiracy, this poster might interest you. If you learn the symbols, history becomes more interesting. For example: the Knights Templar are 33rd degree masons in the York Rite.
Why is it impossible to enact change?
Anonymous: A Call for Anonymous to Rise and March for Freedom Chanology 2.0
Brendon O' Connell's YouTube channel has been deleted
Does Evidence Matter when Validating a Claim?
Make Parenthood Great Again -- Stop The Shootings
Nationalism is not White Nationalism
Why is Q Anon labelled a pacification movement when the greatest volume and quality of conspiracy research is coming from the Great Awakening communities on Voat and 8chan? Is this why those communities are being attacked the most right now on the internet?
NY Blackout??
I am an MKUltra-type program victim who was offered guns by a government agent
Is America being divided for a coming inner conflict?
Infographic: Technical details of organized harassment ("gangstalking") programs in the US
How a Botched Study Fooled the World About the U.S. Share of Mass Public Shootings: U.S. Rate is Lower than Global Average
The US is NOT the only country with mass shooting problems. This is happens worldwide and is a worldwide issue.
Were the twin mass shootings orchestrated to take attention away from the Epstein scandal? Take a look at this news article dated August 3
"But Comet Ping Pong Pizza doesn't even have a basement!"
Did Connor Betts, the Dayton shooter, die in 2014?
I am not sure what twitters play is or was or is going to be going forward.
Is a kick starter for proving conspiracy theory’s wrong allowed on this sub?
This is a very interesting read. These mass shootings are putting up way too many red flags once people start digging deeper.
Surveillance Video Shows Moment Police Officers Take Out Dayton Shooter [VIDEO]
8chan owner sent data to authorities claiming the attacker himself DIDN’T upload the manifesto.
NY Times CHANGES their front page headline because their readers didn’t like that it was honest. The demanded left-wing bias. [confirmed real]
Carl Sagan's prediction from 1995 has come true.
Why did Israel send Human DNA and Tardigades to the moon?
came across this “quote?” while googling horse balls, it was the first recommended search at “horse ba” what could this be
After evolving for hundreds of thousands of years, how come humans suddenly need all of these vaccines to survive as a species?
41 US Democrats land in Israel for AIPAC-affiliated tour
If you want to stop mass shootings then we need to have Common Sense Media control
All the times Obama and Democrats inspired shootings
Jordan Maxwell ?
A major talking point is now to demonize "white nationalism" with these false flag shootings. This is a scripted attack on the white race. Trump is an "actor" playing the part. Then Trump also demonizes white nationalists.
Googles date range search function making some people think El Paso Walmart shooting a false flag.
How Private Prisons Affect Sentencing. By Christian Dippel, Assistant Professor of Economics, UCLA Anderson School of Management and Michael Poyker, Postdoctoral Researcher, Columbia University Graduate School of Business. Originally published at VoxEU.
John McCain’s assassination now has a motive.
A study from the University of Pennsylvania finds that racism in the U.S. has significantly decreased since President Trump’s election in 2016
The Agenda
What is the most mind blowing conspiracy theory you have heard?
Propaganda for gun control, even repealing the United States Constitution entirely is ramping up -- 80k+ front page XPost /r/MurderedByWord: Shots fired, two men down
White privilege is a doctrine of white supremacy. Anyone who thinks "White Privilege" is a thing is imposing supremacy onto people they perceive as white. Isnt that odd?
follow the rabbit hole
Child Rape Victim Goes to Police for Help and Is Tied Up and Raped By Her Detective
Tony Heller Exposes the Clear and Deliberate Fraud Concerning the U.S. Temperature Data Record
With all this talk of occult/dark magic and these pedos doing satanic ritual abuse, I want to share some light/love magic info with this sub.
Did Trump secretly meet with the El Paso shooter days before his rampage?
Mass UFO sightings reported over Cincinnati as mystery lights filmed vanishing from sight
What does it mean when people say you sold your soul to the devil? And do wealthy people really perform rituals?
Just found a rip of that "ORWELL" Video on BitChute - "Multiples" [DECLAS] Grab this before it disappears!
Well here's the original image everyone was looking for.
The Race Conspiracy
Former Fed chairs Volcker, Greenspan, Bernanke and Yellen call for independent central bank
Reposting b/c I forgot SS: Boy Scouts failed to stop hundreds of previously unreported sexual predators, conspired to keep incidents of sexual assault a secret, lawsuit alleges
Viacom &amp; Nickelodeon Child Abuse – Found a buried testimony of a child actor who was systematically groomed, abused and discarded by the corporation. – GOVERNMENT SLAVES
Doing research for a project. Is there a russian equivalent of area 51?
"Truth" about area 51
Is this where we're slowly headed? (from 2018): China has started ranking citizens with a creepy 'social credit' system — here's what you can do wrong, and the embarrassing, demeaning ways they can punish you
Boy Scouts failed to stop hundreds of previously unreported sexual predators, conspired to keep incidents of sexual assault a secret, a lawsuit alleges
Japan has NO vaccine mandates, yet achieves the healthiest children in the world: More American children are dying at birth and in their 1st year of life compared to their counterparts in any other Western country, despite the fact that vaccination rates are increasing due to authoritarian mandates.
The lawsuit alleges that S.D.'s abuse would not have been possible had it not been for the negligence of the Boy Scouts, that the organization conspired to keep incidents of sexual assault a secret
Snopes just gives up!
Most Hong Kongers are NOT prepared for SHTF and Social collapse/breakdown situations. And I repeat; THEY ARE NOT.
Ghislaine Maxwell civil case evidence disclosure nothing it been wiped clean off all media.
If you believe everything the media shows you then don't bother reading this, if you're willing to see the truth then please read! -El Paso Walmart shooting
Crazy how that happens
The State of 5G IOT Spycraft - Do you need more bugs up your ass? ( Michelle Greenberg RT 30 min )
WARNING: Reddit admins are *removing* every thread that mentions the father of the alleged El Paso shooter and his connection with MK Ultra!
WARNING: Reddit admins are *removing* everything thread that mentions the father of the El Paso shooting and his connection with MK Ultra!
How Reddit Was Destroyed: The power now resided in individual subreddits, obviously the most popular ones. There was a power grab to become moderators of these subreddits. Once the default subreddits were controlled, drastic changes began to occur. Now blatant censorship.
Airline defends recording customers by CCTV on its planes
Amazing Fanatical Racism
Races and Brains
Races and Brains
MKUltra and the El Paso Shooting: It takes about five minutes of research to connect Patrick Crusius to the CIA and its notorious MKUltra mind control program.
Kurt Cobain- Was it really suicide, or was he murdered.
The Official White House Photos of Dick Cheney on 9/11, Analysis: Two Damning Scenarios | Journal of 9/11 Studies
Almost 5 years ago, Comet Siding Spring made a historic close approach with Mars. Live feeds were cut, allegedly due to a discharge event, which has enormous implications for physics and catastrophism. Let's get those FOIAs rolling...
Bring on the FEAR!!!
help
The philosophy of the Hegelian Dialectic and End State Planning are at the core of most regular decisions and conspiracies. Understand their mentality and it's easy to understand their actions.
The news media is controlled by foreign agents to cause political unrest in the United States.
Conspiracy Theorists Are Domestic Terrorists! The term "conspiracy theory" was weaponized by the CIA half a century ago. At first it was merely used to marginalize those who question government narratives. But now that weapon is being loaded and pointed at our heads.
Here's What A Criminology Professor Learned By Studying Every Mass Shooting Since 1966. This is their recipe for making a mass shooter.
Gilroy Shooter Makes Reference to Wizard of Oz
US announces total economic embargo against Venezuela
dayton shooter was angry his sister was dating a black man
Attorney General says U.S. needs encryption backdoors
Re: "Orwell" Whistleblower: Was this an MK Ultra Experiment? First people found all kinds of crazy hidden messages and commands and now the videos are wiped from Internet!
Symbolism in children’s section at Rochester, MN library and symbolism at Epstein’s pedo island temple eerily similar
Jesus used cannabis
Infowars: Trump Supporters help clean up trash in Baltimore. — There’s no way that paper was outside for 11 years.
UN Special Committee on Decolonization
I looked over some pizzagate emails again, pretty hard to deny it now.
UFOs Extraterrestrial Intelligence and the Sun
Century of Enslavement: The History of The Federal Reserve
Israel buys &amp; owns the US Congress: House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer lands in Israel with 41 Democratic Party House Representatives for a week-long, all-expenses-paid junket sponsored by the American Israel Education Foundation. They will be told what Israel expects of them in the upcoming session.
Do we at least get an apology from u/harvarddoctor for lying about the recent fake image and info?
Rusty Shackleford back with more video of Epstein's Pedophile Island. They're boarding up windows of the 'Temple'. Expecting a Storm?
Can someone please link me to a thread in r/conspiracy where this fake photo was posted?
The US government actually wants gun violence because they use it as an excuse to do away with legal gun ownership.
Off my chest post about Hollywood, user claims trial in August for Viacom/ Nickelodeon producer child abuse
The Marxists who support mass murder of millions of unborn children want to take your guns because "they care about human life"? No. Because they support a totalitarian government enslaving the masses.
El Paso posted manifesto to Instagram 1st then someone uploaded to 8chan!
To people in Hong Kong
Psychopathy and it’s role in leadership for our society. Anyone willing to discuss after reading the internet article?
Radio Silence and Unknown Telephone Calls
Scientists Announce They Can Manipulate Brain Cells with Smartphone-controlled Implant
Misinformation causes more damage than good.
Demonology (and Psychiatry)
does 2019 feel “off”
Creepy comments on a video about when China rules the world
How many collective hours does humanity spend arguing about and discussing politics?
Interview with Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro: "journalist Jorge Ramos is a US intelligence agent, and he plays a role. They tried to turn him into an anti-Trump journalist, but the Latino population in the US should know that he is a paid agent."
Searching up 'tryfg' on YouTube will show playlists and videos that has gore, horror, and etc.
Parkland was fake. This student accidentally admits that "they told us there would be fake gunfire and screaming" They have no problem faking mass casualty events. What makes you think they aren't faking the recent shootings?
Pulse nightclub shooting was fake as proven in this video. Crisis actors filmed outside the club later claimed to be inside the club for the police breach. The MSM had no problem framing Muslims, what makes you think they aren't framing white men?
EPSTEIN OWNED A PRIVATE ISP AND USED A MICROWAVE ANTENNA. HE LEGIT HAD HIS OWN PRIVATE INTERNET.
Is it time to reconsider what we think 'cults' are all about?
Conspiracy that all hit songs are written by one person?
What is everyone's opinion on Targeting of individuals (Whether Government-sponsored or not)?
Ruling the world
Sandy Hook was fake. No kids were harmed. Watch as Gene Rosen practices his lines while being filmed by "Matt". Gene apologizes to Matt for being so bad at acting. They framed a white autist for Sandy Hoax.. What makes you think they aren't framing white Trump supporters now?
I'm tipsy, and i feel like asking: Do you vote? Also are you secrative about your beliefs to ppl in the rl?
Everything you thought you knew about gravity is wrong. Gravity is not the force of attraction that makes things fall straight down.
It's probably a good time to drop this again - The Role Of SSRI Anti-Depressants in the Columbine Shooting
Probably a time to drop this one again - The Role Of SSRI Anti-Depressants in the Columbine Shooting
El Paso shooter's manifesto posted hours after the shooting
Huge Russian explosion at weapons storage facility.
So now they are going to Target people who post / talk about conspiracy ?
Boston Bombing was fake and blamed on Muslims. What makes you think white men aren't being framed now? Are the latest shootings any more believable than the proven hoax that is the boston bombing? The hoaxes now seen significantly less complex and believable.
Spectacular explosions after fire at Russian arms depot in Siberia
What are your thoughts about the US6506148B2 patent?
CONSPIRACY 101 - Boston Bombing was fake. Explain the tube coming out of his pants? Why is the blood so bright? How did this man survive after having both legs blown off above the knee? Conspiracy Veterans and Newbies are welcome to participate. More to come
Jeffrey Epstein, Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler, and the World's Largest $1.2 Billion Dollar Ponzi Scheme!
Ken O'Keefe exposes the rael motivation for the War on Terror. Hearing someone on TV actually telling the truth is very refreshing. Ken O'Keefe is a true hero. He is not afraid to name Israel, neither am I. The war on terror is a lie. America is conducting expansionist policy for israel.
Microsoft catches Russian state hackers using IoT devices to breach networks and turn america into a giant broadcast of data for Russians to use for election rigging and social engineering.
What if area 51 memes are made by the government just to kill a lot of people 🤔
Fellow Researchers of the Johnny Gosch Case - Do You Trust Paul Bonacci?
Map location?
How to get rid of banking powers
Psychiatry in a Nutshell (8:58)
Trump calls for social media companies to ‘detect mass shooters before they strike’ #minorityReport
Further info pedophilia conspiracy
you’re all a front working against the truth
I think Japanese video games are psyops and data gathering for the US.
Capitalism will be successful when the richest 1% own 99% of everything.
Every time something big happens, always look for something they might be trying to distract you from
America is the Most Heavily Medicated Antidepressant Using Country in The World, and also Happens to Have the Most Guns Per Person
Clintons &amp; Laurance Rockefeller Photos
New opening for data collection on US citizens
Conspiracy to blow up Russian arms depots
Parents Catch FBI In Plot To Force Mentally Ill Son To Be A Right Wing Terrorist. (Fake or Real?)
Thoughts?
Clintons &amp; Laurance Rockefeller Photos
The Rabbit Hole Goes Deep
Children will unite us all
Princess Diana died this month 22 years ago. Her death has been enshrouded by controversy. I have heard that she knew "too much" and that was why she was killed. Can you guys elaborate?
We all agree the government is corrupt as shit, so I have to ask...
Substantial shipment of ammunition arrives at South Central US Walmart Saturday (the day after the shootings).
Why were there 2014 obituaries for Connor D Betts? Why, when these obituaries found, were they scrubbed from the Internet?
What's the most important piece of evidence that’s missing from nearly every mass shooting in America? Security video footage of the “shooters” won’t match the mass media narrative of the event, so the public never sees any.
Fox Reporter Saying the El Paso Shooting "Hasn't Happened Yet.
If money is the root of all evil why isn’t this on the front page here? U.S. 'destroying international order', China media says, after currency-manipulator branding
Found this on youtube
red sun radio: conspiracy chats - ancient zodiacs &amp; Atlantis
El Paso Shooting
Biden gives condolences for mass shooting in Michigan accidentally, the next day a white Ford Taurus let's out 13 gunshots around Lansing. What does this mean?
The World According to Trump: The Anti-Globalist Agenda - It is a network of central banks, international political and monetary institutions like the United Nations, the IMF, the World Bank; of academic conformity, media conformity and cultural conformity spread thick and impenetrable.
When something big happens, try to find something they’re trying to distract you from
These Rkelly allegations starting to look a lot like Mr Epstein’s 🤔
Can anyone else see how this might end up causing violence? A lifelong friend of my wife's who knows she voted for Trump just minutes ago....
Youtube Text-to-Spech videos
Big ben is actually named bigamous benjamin!
The Dayton Shooter, Connor Betts, Died in 2014? All Records of Obituary Pulled off the Net Except a Few Archives
""Greenland's ice wasn't supposed to melt like last week until 2070" What do you believe in regards to Climate Change?
"Greenland's ice wasn't supposed to melt like last week until 2070" What do you believe in regards to Global Warming?
Zodiakos (Zodiac Libra): The Circle of Holy Animals 6/11
i’m hoping reddit might expand this rabbit hole for me. i tried to find a link with the least amount of ads and interruptions. several websites wrote about this during the bloom of the story. i am not aware of the reputation any of the websites carry. what does reddit think about this? thank you :)
Was/ is 8chan a FBI honey pot?
[Meta] The conspiracy community needs to attack. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
The US military studied how to influence Twitter users [ and other social media sites like reddit] in Darpa-funded research.
US military studied how to influence Twitter users [ and other social media sites like reddit] in Darpa-funded research.
The US spent $60 billion rebuilding Iraq after the 2003 war. There is virtually nothing to show for the money. Most of the money seems to have been stolen by US defense contractors.
The US spent $60 billion rebuilding Iraq after the 2003 war. There is virtually nothing to show for the money. Most of the money seems to have been stolen by US defense contractors.
“The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.” ― Friedrich Nietzsche
The Century of Enslavement by James Corbett, a documentary about the Federal Reserve, is being targeted by corporate shills
A reminder that in 2003, both Democrats and Republicans passed a bill allowing US Govt to spread propaganda to its own citizens, funded by its own citizens.
i’m hoping reddit might expand this rabbit hole for me. i tried to find a link with the least amount of ads and interruptions. several websites wrote about this during the bloom of the story. i am not aware of the reputation any of them carry. what does reddit know about this? thank you :)
An Inference That Can Be Made From the FBI's Search Warrant Request of the 8chan Thread the El Paso Shooter Posted On
The United States ranked again as one of the worst countries in the world for human trafficking. According to a released report by the State Department, the top three nations of origin for victims of human trafficking in 2018 were the United States, Mexico and the Philippines.
The ties of Youtube and Facebook with the CIA. Much of the initial funding for Facebook came from CIA backed venture capital firms to the tune of nearly $50 million.
Conservative radio hosts scream "fake news" littering the MSM every day. And they're right. But then are curiously silent on every MSM-featured shooting, and believe every word they're told without ever questioning a single aspect or asking for proof.
46,000,000 Americans have drugs in their drinking water.
Revealed
The Saturn Time Cube (MEGATHREAD) Part 3
911
Trump sent a dog-whistle to white supremacists in this tweet...
Best CT on t_d
Mass distraction?
is this weekend tax free weekend ? if something devastating might happen then a lot of people will be out shopping
MK Ultra and Virtual Reality
New documentary proves that Coroner who worked on Andrew Breitbart's autopsy was murdered
A server for conspiracies
BBC reporting that building 7 collapsed before it happened
Parents of teen killed at Parkland were in El Paso during Walmart shooting
Is 8chan down for anyone else?
YouTube is planting creators
So after Trump’s speech today (which condemned everything under the sun other than his own hate filled rhetoric) the Dayton shooter’s twitter account was miraculously uncovered at the last moment tonight to reveal he was an extreme leftist that praised ANTIFA. Uh... ahem... surely just coincidence.
Highly unlikely that the spy on us blimps pop up in the Midwest days before multiple shootings
I am 99.9% Reddit admins have politically censored me by banning a subreddit I made for "ban evasion/quarentine evasion". The thing is, I have no idea what subreddit I supposedly was trying to create.
The real conspiracy? Interesting that this news article should pop up today, considering the two countries in the article are Uruguay and Venezuela.
MSM talking about tower 9 collapse before it happened.
Deadly Virus Research Shut down at Army Base
Anyone heading to Area 52?
Could we make a greatest of all time thread?
FBI Rocked By Public Suicide of TOP FBI Agent Who Investigated Clinton Foundation – True Pundit
Couple document fresh cow mutilation after noticing lights in the area a few hours before.
What if it's not Russia but China influencing our elections?
Connecting the dots in El-Paso. Shooter's father has ties to CIA mind control, sexual abuse ring, has a creepy YouTube channel. Let's get to the bottom of this.
YouTube creating artificial internet icons to influence the masses. This appears to be an experiment by corporate YouTube to test how quickly and how well people will accept ai disguised as people.
Deadly Germ Research Shut down at Army base
"You Can't Say That Dallas Doesn't Love You"
Epstein had "photos of Trump with girls"
"Navy's Advanced Aerospace Tech Boss Claims Key 'UFO' Patent Is Operable". Link to "TR-3B" like craft Navy patent in comments, which came out a few months ago.
Busted! Fox Reporter Reports Next Shooting 23 Minutes Before It Happened: Another Building 7!
HISTORIAS DE TERROR CORTAS | NARRACIONES DEL CUERVO | EL ÁRBOL DE LA COLINA
The US needs Brexit so they can go to war with Iran.
Parents Catch FBI In Plot To Force Mentally Ill Son To Be A Right Wing Terrorist
Add another one to the list. Should we start taking bets on the next domino to fall?
Parents Catch FBI In Plot To Force Mentally Ill Son To Be A Right Wing Terrorist
Can all the fakes and trolls leave please?
Hmm strange
Where's the blood?
Mass Shootings cover up?
(Soft) Pay Walls Are a Form of Information Denial By TPTB
Yale Chemtrails
Parkland victim's parents planned to unveil a mural in El Paso of their son. Then the shooting happened.
0.0000003308768235824936% of the white population commits mass shootings
I can't find the post, but someone on here, just after the epstein pedo ring was blowing up, posted about how theres going to be some big tragedy in the coming weeks, and now we've had 3 mass shootings in a week.
Muh Race Wars
Conspiracy: What if highways were only built for car companies to sell more cars?
In 2019, The top 5 cities with the most mass shootings have all been run by democrats since at least 1967. Is it a leadership problem?
Let's talk about the two faces of El Paso shooter suspect, Patrick Crusius.
Why Russia backed Jill Stein, Bernie Sanders, and Donald Trump (and now, Tulsi Gabbard)
Hillary won 12/15 states that don't require VoterID. In those states, she won almost every single county that is a sanctuary city. Why do you think the Democrats oppose illegal immigration and requiring VoterID?
News reported the EP shooting 30min before it happened.
Trump had a big rally in Cincinnati right before the shooting... right down the road from Dayton. Here's a screen still from the Trump fan who got out of the truck to beat up the Anti-trump protestor.
We're having murders done now by nihilists who are doing it just to f**k with people. There **IS** no deeper purpose. There is no real underlying political motive. But we have a media &amp; a political atmosphere right now that literally cannot recognize this.
Border patrol has amassed enough fentanyl to kill 794 million people
World War 3 is closer to happening than you think and heres why
The Crime Rate is Gonna be INSANELY High
Can someone explain the Rothschild conspiracies to me?
I wonder why CNN forgot to mention the political affiliation of the Dayton shooter?
Definitely not dodgy
FBI, plot to kill whistle-blower
Surely if the Clinton photo is real it would never have got to the front page?
The Jewish role in the German communist revolution of 1919, The Treaty of Versailles and The Munich agreement.
The Dayton, Ohio, killer was an aficionado of a gore musical genre known as "p*rnogrind"
Just got back from a 3 day Reddit Ban...
We are so diseased as a society with the virus of tribalism and conditioned to understand ourselves through labels that human suffering has to be viewed through the myopic prisms of color or ideologies. In this toxic environment, tragedies are turned into billboards
Voat Account
Conspiracy meant they needed to invade Chat Rooms so all you could/can see is the OFFICIAL Government narrative
If you want to demand an independent investigation of PBSO’s handling of serial sex predator Jeffrey Epstein’s work release, sign here:
The truth
The US police has killed over 1,200% more citizens than mass shooters since 2015.
Documents from the Pentagon and the CIA expose how the US government has worked behind the scenes on over 800 major movies and more than 1,000 TV titles promoting war on behalf of the CIA.
The symbolism of the moon.
Ohio lawmaker blames mass shootings on 'drag queen advocates,' marijuana and open borders in Facebook rant. Crazy woman blaming marijuana for mass killings. The whole worlds problems are because of wacky weed. Wacky thinking indeed.
We'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false. -William Casey, CIA director.
We'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false.
Cooper wrote: “The sharp increase of prescriptions of psychoactive drugs like Prozac and Ritalin to younger and younger children will inevitably lead to a rash of horrific school shootings.”
The only reason the shooting took place in El Paso is Trump's wall was built there first. The other shootings took place in swing states.
The 2013 Santa Monica Shooting was because of The Purge.
Spare a thought for poor Jeffrey, sniveling on the floor of his cell
Double-agent conspiracy theory
Trump Demands Death Penalty for Mass Shooters, Condemns White Supremacy
The original Disney intro, the one where Tinker Bell dots the "i"
Reminder that a large amount of shooters are known to be on psychiatric medication. The medication itself has known to cause homicidal rage and mania in a certain percentage of users.
Don’t forget about Epstein. The shootings were an awful act but remember there are politicians and powerful people that are involved in pedophilia and sex trafficking.
Inheritors of a Nation - Jon Levi discusses the history of San Fransisco and its World's Fair.
Why Drive 660 miles to that specific Walmart?
Walmart shooting reported before it happens
Maybe this sub should be removed
Mass shooting statistics. Notice anything?
Don’t know what to do and to be honest it makes me nervous. I can’t get away from the White Nationalist posts...
A suspicious amount of mass shootings during the Obama administration
FOX News reported a third shooting before it happened
The Fall 2001 ANTHRAX attacks | Unanswered questions
Please Watch
The Fall 2001 ANTHRAX attacks | Unanswered questions - “Lone Wolf”?
Reminder that all of these shooters take SSRI antidepressants which are known to induce homicidal rage in some users
MAGA Mail Bomber Cesar Sayoc Sentenced to 20 Years in Prison
Theories on the Eliza Lam case
My cities website was hacked today and this image was put up.
8chan is back
This was posted a few months ago. With what’s going on, it makes me really suspicious and makes me believe that these shootings are fake. Especially since there have been some of the same people who “witnessed” most of the major shootings. No disrespect to anyone
Recommended : All Governments Lie: Truth, Deception, and the Spirit of I.F. Stone
The Body Mind Conspiracy: for centuries we have known that there was a connection between our physical and mental health. In recent years the fitness craze was spurred on by the obesity crisis. I believe that now it is time to look at recent studies that link digestive health with mental health.
Mass Shootings, Bill Cooper, and the Real Gun Control
Memory hole this
More than one shooter in el paso
Goodbye.
Free Market Sign List - Forex/Index/Crypto/Currency
Weasel words and being less than truthful about the dangers of vaccines-the CDC
While driving home from Hartsfield-Jackson airport I noticed a new statue on the TVs building.
Get ready for the thought police to come knocking at your door, literally
In your opinion does the radicalization of the left play a role in mass shootings?
The Medical-Industrial Complex
Evidence Showing That Twitter And The CIA Are Joined At The Hip ( Dore 9 min )
Excellent video on how our current politics and digital culture is encouraging brain damage to our kids!
Antifa hates Nazis.
Hmm strange
Let’s look into these shootings
Treasure Trove of conspiratorial rabbit holes to research...
Abbreviation for mental health first aid course is mhfa - sounds sort of like mafia. I know it's an extreme stretch. Sorry if this does not belong.
8chan has been completely taken down.
The US national debt is $20 trillion and all the "broad money" in the world totals $80 trillion; by the guideline of "owe me twenty dollars, that's your problem, owe me a million dollars, that's my problem" is the national debt being one quarter of world wealth actually a strength?
Instagram is “limiting” the comments on cardi b’s post
Iranians seizing oil tankers in the gulf.
Enemy of the people
Gilroy Garlic Festival survivors also escaped Las Vegas massacre in 2017
Is there a country in the world where this shit isn’t happening?
Obama Writes Open Letter Denouncing White Supremacy and Calls For Strict Gun Laws
Dayton Ohio Shooter Was Trained By ANTIFA - Just Like In Portland
Platforms that allow free expression/subvert the narrative are dropping like flies. Reddit is still up. What does that imply about the authenticity of this community?
Just an idea
He Was Trained By ANTIFA - Just Like In Portland
All mass shooters of 2019
My Theory About Rice
History Repeating Itself - Why Nazism Was Socialism and Why Socialism Is Totalitarian
Ontario police are covering up the true cause of the death of a 19-year old on an ATV in 2012
Frazzledrip...
I know the sheep analogy is tired, old cliche, but I'll be damned if it isn't truer than ever. We're being herded like fucking farm animals, and it should be EXTREMELY OBVIOUS at this point.
Joining the powers that be. UPDATE- im in!
The suicide of Robert McKeon, the murder/suicide of Albert Peterson's family, Raytheon Aerospace, and 9/11.
Leaked FBI memo origin have anything to do with reigniting interest in BRC's?
Is Anthony Bourdain alive? My curiosity got the best of me and I found this public record search on him. It says that he's 63 and isn't listed as deceased while others who have passed are. I mean no disrespect and it's probably coincidence, but there's also no public record of his death anywhere.
anyone here really informed about Q and the deep state?
On first day of shooting, model is distracted by plane hitting first tower
MSNBC’s Ridiculous War on Bernie Sanders
REPOST: [ORIGINAL RESEARCH] The Mountain of Evidence for a Massive International Pedophile Ring Protected by Police and Intelligence Agencies
How the epstein revelations can eventually bring us towards world peace
Jesse Ventura: “Powerful forces covered up the Epstein case the first time for a reason.”
Chicago Hospital Stops Accepting Gunshot Victims After Trauma Center Overwhelmed. Chicago had 60 shootings in 96 hours but the MSM forget to tell us about it.
Deleted 30k votes: TIL of Rick Rescorla, a security consultant for Morgan Stanley who anticipated the 9/11 attacks and implemented practice evacuations every 3 months. During the attacks he managed to evacuate most of the 2,687 employees and died trying to help even more people out of the buildings.
Deleted: r/TodayILearned post with 3k votes "TIL The Girl Scouts were offered an anonymous $100,000 donation, with the only condition being it couldn’t be used to support Transgender girls. They turned it down, and launched a counter online funding campaign that made $300,000."
NYC Police Chief who seized Anthony Weiner's laptop resigned from the force to take up a cushy job at a Clinton firm
Eye witnesses, mother &amp; 2 daughters, say "3 or 4 shooters in black" in El Paso, Texas massacre. Live Periscope recording from time of event.
Trump blames the Internet and video games for the weekend's carnage. He was asked during a May rally in Panama City, Fla., “How do you stop these people? (immigrants)” A member of the audience shouted “shoot them”. Trump laughed and the crowd broke out into cheers and applause.
LARPaholics #4
Societal Programming Thought Experiment
CNN will push Biden down our throats tonight, using the recent mass shooting tragedies to sell him to us.
What an insane world we live in. New Ted Talk titled "Why kids need to learn about gender and sexuality"
Domestic Terror: FBI takes a look at Conspiracy Theories
Pros and Cons for self driving cars
A fox affiliate jumped the gun on reporting on El Paso
Can anyone explain the differences in the pics with the El Paso Shooter ?? WTF is happening?
Was in the Vegas shooting and here’s some things that went on that differ from what the media put out.
Rumor is the HRC/Huma Torture/Rape/Murder Video Dropped Yesterday on 8CH. Hence the Sudden Attack on 8CH. Any truth to this?
The Copycat Effect: How the Media and Popular Culture Trigger the Mayhem in Tomorrow's Headlines
Is it just a coincidence those shootings happening at the same time as court orders release of explosive Jeffrey Epstein files?
The regime change arm of the US govt has spent millions to create &amp; mobilize the political apparatus of the Hong Kong protests.
Was Reaction Engines A UK Black Project?
Trump's speech today was chilling. It has nothing to do with guns. It has everything to do with removing your freedom of thought.
Heard something on the radio
With Epstein/pedogate being exposed and now Bill Gates and Harvard doing chemtrails. It's time to discuss the process of truth acceptance.
CPC Are Globalist Traitors: International Democrat Union – The #CentreRight #DeepState #Swamp Nobody Knows About !
Racism has escalated to terrorism.
Bill Gates is helping fund a Harvard experiment to fight climate change. By SPRAYING PARTICLES IN THE AIR to block out the sun...sounds familiar...
Spotted over Los Angeles today. Symbolism may be their downfall, but it could be yours, too.
President Trump on Twitter: "Today, I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly, decisively, and without years of needless delay."
Quit saying gun violence.
Was Reaction Engines A UK Black Project?
Just a Reminder, Whenever You Hear Mass-Shooting, Your First Question Should Always be "What drugs where they on?"
When will it stop?
Has anybody had someone comment on one of your topics ,inciting you to violence?Ive had a few. I asked them if they were FBI,trying to entrap me. They just posted back about starting a rebellion. I think law enforcement watches us now. Thoughts.
Short video that proves that daVinci was initiated in occult secret schools traced back to ancient egypt
Story about a 'Trump supporter' doing good gets changed to 'Republican activist' because the media can't put the word Trump in a positive story.
Insects in Nebraska
Those pushing for Gun Control in America want a Dictatorship
Is it time to stop talking about all this stuff? Why continue to spread it and put ourselves out there? What will be will be. Maybe we just need to read the Bible more and pray while paying our bills.
THE POWERS, Mass Arrests, Child Sacrifice, Anneke Lukas, Ronald Bernard, Cathy O'Brien COMPILATION
Was the Dayton alleged gunman a patsy?
Black Magic Mass Ritual? Former Home of Notorious occultist Aleister Crowley Set on Fire 5 Days Ago
We never went to the moon 🌓
8chan is now a domain for sale.
When conspiracy becomes toxic what do you do?
"Couple document fresh cow mutilation after noticing lights in the area a few hours before." No blood, flies, smell, etc.
Ohio gunman described himself as pro-Satan ‘leftist’ who supported Elizabeth Warren
How far are we off Robocop 1,2 etc, except we don't have Robocops! or power.
Trump says something GREAT must come out of the tragic mass shootings
So both Kentucky senators ended up being “admitted to hospital” this weekend.
So here's a throwback type of post that just happened today. My friend said a tiny baby plane Drew these over a Chicago neighborhood. What do they mean?
Ideologies are vilified one by one to pave way for communism
Fed Stonewalling - Bernanke Flatly Refuse to Say Which Banks Took Trillions in Taxpayer Loans
Radio silence on this ruling.
The writing on the wall is very clear. It is time to buy more guns and get training on how to use them.
Planted conversations in r/politics
Join the Disclousre Of Evil
The government knew about the potential shooter in Lubbock Texas’s mental health and did nothing to aid him in treatment or prevent him from purchasing weapons.
CRUCIAL DOCUMENTARY ON PSYOPS: This film explores the evolution of propaganda and public relations (Information War) -Psychological Operations &amp; Mind Control- in the United States, with an emphasis on the "elitist theory of democracy" and the relationship between war, propaganda and class!
I've never heard of a "leftist" or "moderate" mass shooting.
We really want to the moon 🌓
Independent Take on El Paso Shooting: I Think The Shooter Thought It Was Just a Training Operation by His Handlers Because He's Wearing Ear and Eye Protection
If you want to read r/conspiracy, I think it is best not to do it at work. FBI red flagging conspiracy theorists
Scrolling through twitter is like watching cave people interact with each other
President Trump Demands the Death Penalty For Mass Shooters, White Supremacists Who Commit Hate Crimes
The rise of robots and AI
This reporter knows more than she is letting on...
The top posts here all belong on r/agedlikemilk
I'm a white nationalist.
The biggest conspiracy today is the belief you hold bo power to change things.
Americans Should Be Very Skeptical Of Calls For New “Terrorism” Laws
FBI &amp; CBP Coverup
Is this the real reason they want 8Chan taken down ?
Spin, Sensationalism and Outright Lies: El Paso Walmart, The Media and The Coincidence That Wasn't.
Had a friend recently bring this website to my attention. Just wondering if anybody on this sub is familiar with Gematria and your thoughts on it?
A simple breakdown of the elite's plans...
Beto O'Rourke laughs when thinking about the El Paso mass shooting (at 0:40)
2019 Mossad Propaganda Movie: "The Red Sea Diving Resort"
A.I. “RoboCops” Continue Rolling Out Across U.S. Collecting Biometrics and Creating Blacklists
Don't let the tragedies in Dayton and El Paso distract you from the real monster that is what Hillary did with those emails.
How A Conspiracy Site Spread MisInformation About The El Paso Shooter
El Paso shooting witness says there were 3 or 4 shooters dressed in black
Time flying by
The Nuns Who Bought and Sold Human Beings
Possible Local shooting cover up.
Floating nuclear power plant to be towed across Russian Arctic despite 'Chernobyl on ice' concerns
mass shootings in battleground states
Photographic Proof That Bernie Sanders Is N-0-T a Pedophile
Mass Shootings, Bill Cooper, and the Gun Distribution
Instructions On How To Blackmail Congress as sourced by Imran Awan's wife.
The Drugging Of Our Children (Full Length)
Local shooting possibly being covered up.
[Remote Neural Monitoring] [BBI] [Brain to brain interface] [Brain to brain communication] [Implant]
A biological basis for race. Bone Marrow Transplants: When Race Is an Issue
Spin, Sensationalism and Outright Lies: El Paso Walmart, The Media and The Coincidence That Wasn't.
What happened to the FBI guy that "committed suicide" in that night club? Don't forget about this either
Race exists. Biology proves it. Don't be a science denier.
What are some of your other favorite conspiracy/truth-seeking/rabbit hole websites and forums?
Victoria's Secret says it will start hiring transgender models for their runway shows
President Trump again shows signs of mental deterioration when he didn't know what city in Ohio the shooting took place in.
Facebook's, Twitter's, and Instagram's algorithms all provide massive amounts of dopamine and significance in the form of tens of millions of likes, retweets, views to people licking ice cream and peeing on potatoes in the grocery store. Is this driving these mass shootings also?
Discussion: Too Big To Fail - Why are internet-era media outlets proping up television-era media outlets?
John Coleman (found of The Weather Channel) - How the Global Warming Scare Began
Trending just in time for everyone to come to this sub with a preconceived notion that everything we say is crazy.
Here is your agenda!!
This is from a CNBC article. They are deliberately lying and trying to make it sound like the shooters were both the same. Ive seen pictures of the ohio shooter on the ground, no hearing protection in sight that was the asshat from el paso who wore ear protection. What the fuck is going on
FBI agents are reluctant to pursue white nationalist extremists because they don't want to target "what the president perceives as his base", former counterterrorism official says.
Dead sailors stopped a 'planetary catastrophe' aboard a secret submarine, a top Russian naval officer said at their funeral
Facebook's, Twitter's, and Instagram's algorithms all provide massive amounts of dopamine and significance in the form of tens of millions of likes, retweets, views to people licking ice cream peeing on potatoes in the grocery store. Are they driving these mass shootings also?
The 2 propaganda narratives being pushed for each side following the shootings.
El Paso Shooting Suspect’s Manifesto Echoes Trump’s Language
Nothing to see here Sheeple, move along.
Meanwhile at the NSA (a comic I did 2 years ago for my zine TERRIBLE)
The rise and fall of free information
The 5G whistle
Anyone else think there is something more to both the President and Biden misstating the shooting locations?
4 signs that a news website is manipulating you into believing something
Joe Biden Gives Condolences for Shootings in 'Houston' and 'Michigan' after shootings in El Paso and Ohio. Discord in divided Democrat Party between entrenched and squad could have erupted in the violence on the streets. Hope Biden's team is not calling for the next round.
R/randonauts Thought you guys might be interested in this sub, can't wait to start exploring.
Trump: “Take the guns first, go through due process second”
Hacked emails show GOP demands on border security crafted by lobbyist. This is what’s wrong with our political system. Big business lobbyist control our political class like puppets on a very short string.
Cory Booker Interrupts Andrew Yang in post-debate interview.
Remember...
Seven shootings reported this weekend in Baltimore amid ceasefire call. I guess CNN forgot to cover these shootings. Or the ones from the prior weekend. Or the weekend before that....
List of 2019 Mass Shooters Where 4+ Were Killed in the Incident
And just like that, the other boot drops.
Dead sailors stopped a 'planetary catastrophe' aboard a secret submarine, a top Russian naval officer said at their funeral
How much money does a company like CNN make off of mass shooting hysteria?
A message from space?
These are some strange days conspirators. Mass shooting happening all the time,sexual predators from the church and hundreds of other places,this article about FBI saying Q is a domestic terror threat. Maybe there is a secret war going on. Life is crazy.
Harvard Scientists, Funded by Bill Gates, To Begin Spraying Particles Into the Sky to Dim the Sun
China's child modelling industry booms amid controversy
Mass shootings, vegas shooting John E hoover/ john Cullen
Trump now working with Big Tech to involuntarily detain "conspiracy theorists" and confiscate guns. Nightmarish. It's now toatally clear that Trump is a NWO puppet.
is DJ Khaled the son of Saudi Arabia royalty?
Conspiracy theorists are not insane, hatful people, we just know how much we’ve been lied so we QUESTION everything. Don’t just bend over to official narratives anytime something tragic happens.
El Paso shooter- father admits to nearly 40 years of drug addiction which tore apart his family and claims he has spoken directly to Jesus in his book
Trump Denounces White Supremacy and Racism publicly
Connor Betts, the Dayton shooter, was a leftist and supported Elizabeth Warren. I wonder why our subverted MSM isn't mentioning his political affiliation in their headlines like they did for Crusius.
P.Gate pizzeria had a basement...
This is South Africa out of control
immortal multiverse theory
Can Bill Maher Put Lipstick On A Flying Pig? Stop Rebelling And Support Biden, You Insolent Little Sh!ts
President Trump: “May God bless the memory of those that perished in Toledo.”
U.S. Bishops Push for New ‘Responsible Gun Laws’
8chan: Another Mass Shooting, Another Internet Purge.
The treacherous mainstream media has created this false narrative and focused massive amounts of blame on 'white nationalists' being responsible for the increasing numbers of mass shootings in this country. It's just not true.
Microsoft and Gamergate
Not the same person
Dear Government
El Paso shooter Is a Hardcore Progressive and White Nationalist: Wants Universal Income And Universal Healthcare
Are YOU a threat that needs to be identified?
Trump is a Satanist , The whole Government is Satanic, and they hate religious White people.
if sonic says it, it must be true.
Holes in the El Paso narrative that MSM isn’t asking for a reason.
France to Weaponize Space With Laser Satellites: The USA and the Russian Federation have already made "space force" announcements, and now France has joined the club
Epstein memes to share on social media
Call me a dummy but...how do we know the El Paso shooter manifesto on 8chan was actually his? (nvm the multiple-shooter claims)
JFK assassination
Perhaps the greatest conspiracy? Do you believe in it
Trump's speech
Yellow fever vaccine sends 19yo student into psychosis, while flying home to her family she opens a door on the plane and jumps to her death
19 Hijackers Plotted in Secret to Sneak Attack The USA.
Mueller Report Was Never About Collusion -- There Were Never Any Russians -- It Was Always An Obstruction Of Justice Trap
Have yall seen this yet? Not sure what paper, a friend sent this too me.
El Paso shooting is way too convenient for Lib/MSM
Mueller Report Was Never About Collusion - There were any Russians - It Was Always An Obstruction Of Justice Trap!!!
Cloudflare stops servicing 8chan following El Paso incident
What if it was actually one shooter, who was a part of FBI narrarive and they were deliberately changing his looks to confuse us and make us talk about it? All this to distract us from the Epstein case which was quietly moved to next year.
Who knew about this?
8chan Qanon's talking about a coming power outage "days of darkness" among other really interesting topics. What do you think?
That time Bush Sr snickered after mentioning the 'lone gunman assasinating jfk' while he spoke at Ford's funeral.
Dayton Shooter Connor Betts Was a Socialist Radicalized by Legacy Media, Followed and RTd Jared Holt
Julian Assange arrested, uses Epstein to cover it up, Epstein documents released, 2 mass shooting
Dear flat earthers: STFU with your going nowhere crap already. Here's what you should be doing instead of blowing more ignored hot air. Round up other nutzos and pool your bits of money together. Send a fairly cheap probe into orbit and have the camera point back to the earth. No wide angle lens.
A Wild Conspiracy Theory about the Hong Kong protests or just some plain vanilla “Realpolitik”?
Unvaxxed kids are not walking time bomba. I know. I AM ONE OF THEM
That Connor Betts shooter died 5 years ago here’s his obituary what is going on ?
What if Q is not a LARP, but something far more nefarious
Epstein Maps
If Mitch McConnel really broke his shoulder, his russian handler did it.
If El Paso was about Terrorism
Weird timing
I don't get the laughter Beto?
Well, we know where the next two false flags are going to be
Why do mass shootings almost never occur in first tier cities?
Stop with the El Paso multiple shooter shit
A reminder of the Hong Kong situation
The Epstein trial is scheduled for June 2020. That gives them almost a year to 'find him passed out on the floor' of his cell again. Don't let him or anyone who participated in his crimes to skate free on this one again.
Why was the top comment removed? Might have been a joke or something that's true, but I guess I'll never know!
Essay: El Paso and The Complicated Math Of False Flags
You’re Fighting The Most Important Battle Of All Time!
Jeffrey Epstein &lt;&gt; Ehud Barak
Six Month-Old Baby Dies Just Five Days after Receiving 13 Vaccines.
All these posts about the mass shootings will get this sub shut down.
Youtube sanitizes search results regarding the federal reserve to appease our controllers
a ''comedy sketch'' of our world today
"Mental health" restrictions on gun ownership must be strongly opposed. They will classify "conspiracy theorists" as "mentally ill", Re: FBI designation
This Sub is the Proof That Disinformation Agents Have Successfully Taken Over
Witness describes several men all in black as shooters in El Paso
The recent 2019 shootings
The recent 2019 shootings
Unpopular opinion? Trying to down play mass shooting by domestic terrorists radicalized by right wing propaganda is a bad look.
Atheist Experience 23.32 with Matt Dillahunty and Vi La Bianca
Guess not
Hunter S. Thompson, Aleister Crowley, Courtney Love and The Grateful Dead
Bob Lazar and the Area 51 'proton beam' that explains everything... spoiler: no ufo's involved
Hunter Thompson, Aleister Crowley, Courtney Love and The Grateful Dead
CBS News Ben Swann does a "Reality Check" on Pizzagate
Cloudflare Raises $150M and Adds to Board of Directors Founder and co-chair of Nike Foundation, Maria Eitel, Stan Meresman Douglas Kramer, Cloudflare general counsel and a former lawyer in President Obama's WH (link in comments)
Listening to 'Otis' by Jay-Z and Kanye West is a Little Disturbing nowadays.
its all about ideal fantasy worlds...
Antimoralism: A New Understanding of Life
Being labeled a domestic terror threat isn’t just a label, it greatly limits the Constitutional rights of the person being labeled.
Expect more shootings this week
The narrative on the front page of USA Today: FBI warned us of a "domestic terror threat", specifically "conspiracy theorists" if you saw the warning, and then we had multiple mass shooting incidents! The FBI was right to warn us!
Is this a Fact or Just Fake lets confirm
Jerusalem UFO sighting 2011 All 4 uncut Videos - I think they are real. Evidence to the contrary?
T_D already making and sharing memes joking about recent mass shooting events.
How and who are the ones scrubbing all the videos, streams and images in the days following a mass killing
I wonder if this has anything to do with the Crackdown on conspiracy theorists
In the wake of this mass shooting, let us not forget government crisis actors like these
"Jesus Christ, it's Jason Bourne!"
8chan Is a Megaphone for Gunmen. ‘Shut the Site Down,’ Says Its Creator. [x-post from r/news with 47k upvotes]
I took a bunch of spirit levels on multiple commercial flights basically criss-crossing 'the globe' to see if there were any inconsistencies in the flat earth or whether it is, as most of us suspect, a totally flat disc. You'll never guess what I found! Proof at last!
Is "Rusty Shakleford" in trouble. 4-5 days without any new vids. With the progression of the filming bravery or peeping ethics the drone would be inside the buildings and in their basements by now.
Discord and war among Democrat Party entrenched and squad factions could have erupted in shooting war in El Paso and Dayton. Extreme discord in Democrat Party factions erupted with insane street violence before at 1968 Democrat National Convention.
Dayton shooter's twitter name
8chan = q
America is trying to make you SCARED
X-post from NoFap. Opinions?
Is the real conspiracy of /r/politics a scheme to get subscribers?
Former patient at Timberlawn mental health site in Dallas speaks out, SAME FACILITY THAT EL-PASO SHOOTER'S FATHER BYRAN CRUSIUS WORKED AT...
The US Gov is testing high-altitude balloons for surveillance
planes flying over at 3AM every night
AP Clearly Includes Political Opinion in News Piece
No street view data on google earth for Epstein's Island?
Infowars
It has been awhile since I visited this sub reddit
INFOWARS
The mass shootings are gov. created to push gun control.
Math conspiracies?
Up and Coming Conspiracy Page/Podcast
These mass shooting stats are interesting and worth a look. There have been 266 incidents in 2019, but only a tiny fraction have received media coverage
BBC “How to spot a conspiracy theory” I think they are on to us.
Hacking Into Nasa Secrets
"Busy Bees Take a Break During Total Solar Eclipses" - 2017 North American eclipse gave researchers an inside look at how bees respond to light—with the help of a few hundred elementary-schoolers."
Danny’s House &amp; pizzagate?
Ohio terrorist article with interviews from classmates talks about how he feel off the face of the earth for awhile and came back after an incident with a hit list. MkUltra anyone?
To clear up missinformation does further MS Paint analysis definitely show 12 different persons or they are all the same person pictured through different focal lengths and a squished image or two?
Twitter Suspends Account Allegedly Linked to Ohio Shooter, was a fan of Pocahontas Warren.
Now that it’s been confirmed that both shooters were ANTIFA, when will the media stop the coverup?
How convenient
All these mass shootings being controlled by zionists and the 1% has got me sickened and confused. What should I believe now? The truth is making me feel I have no one to trust. Who should I feel safe by?
Epstein Info Collection?
Joe Biden takes huge lead over Trump after CNN debates
Mitch McConnell claims he fractured his shoulder. The conspiracy is it’s just an excuse to not have an emergency session of Senate and let mass shootings news blow over.
Mayor Bet O Laughing about El Paso
With the release of “Once Upon a Time in America” and the relatively recent death of Charlie Manson - it’s amazing that nobody seems to have ever brought this up
8chan controversy.
Mods are removing posts that show that brown people commit more crime
Aliens humans?
FACT: Most major porn sites, including PornHub, are now owned by a secretive “influencing” company called MindGeek. They are why simulated teens, incest, and cuckolding videos are taking over the industry as of late.
[DECLAS] "ORWELL" Whistleblower Video [MUST SEE!] PART 1
Does it seem like mass shooting try to memory hole important happenings?
Ohio was planning for a historically large "disaster response" the weekend of the Dayton shooting
pls explain, LA, California ? chemtrails ?
Last Friday’s world according to Jesse, discussing the Epstein saga-
Infinity chan set up for destruction less than a month after the fbi revealed it posts there.
On Contact: British government psyops with Mohamed Elmazzi
Cloudflare terminates 8Chan same week FBI labels conspiracy theorist as domestic terrorist. The censorship of dissenting opinions is full steam ahead.
Hong Kong supporters ‘stunned' by pro-Beijing harassment in Australia and New Zealand
Did you know that before 1973 it was illegal in the US to profit off of health care. The Health Maintenance Organization Act of 1973 passed by Nixon changed everything..
El Paso Police Say They Received Multiple Reports of Multiple Shooters
Hmmm
Epstein envisioned seeding human race with his DNA by impregnating 20 women at a time at his New Mexico ranch
Harvard biologist apologizes for meetings with Jeffrey Epstein.
maybe people are starting to wake up?
Is there a full archive of the Daytona shooter's twitter?
[Question] Are we against the 1% and the Jews?
A journey down the rabbit hole: In regards to Remote Neural Monitoring/Influencing tech and its implications on us all
Speaking up about the attack on White Males
Many new posts claiming Wal-Mart shooter photos are of different photos, we can put this claim to rest
My friend bought Mochi while I was at the store with him. An hour later, I got this ad on Instagram. I have not searched or texted about Mochi. Are our suspicions true?
do you guys think a mass shooter will come to my city if I leave out milk and cookies for the shooter?
The orgin of countless conspiracy theories
Repent
any thoughts?
El Paso Shooting
What happened to VOAT? Is it gone forever?
If you like conspiracy movies then “Under the silver lake” is a must watch.
the gini coefficient as it pertains to the stark relationship between income inequality &amp; crime has never been more prevalent than today
40 shot and 3 dead....and not a word on CNN or fox news...sure the media are not bias https://www.yahoo.com/news/mt-sinai-hospital-closes-er-131441702.html
Have y’all watched the final season of orange is the new black?
it's name was Connor Betts
And the Stem school shooters. That social media shooter. Why is the Left like this? Why is Nancy Pelosi encouraging this?
The Drugging Of Our Children - ADHD and ADD over diagnosed?
The Many Faces of Patrick Crusius... If this was your false flag, which would you be?
9 minutes of Tulsi speaking the truth.
Is Depression Curable? Addiction?
QAnon 24 hour warning
Antarctic Cave Entrance And Other Strange Anomalies
Who knows
North Koreans believe they live in the best country in the world because they’re brainwashed by the government and the media
What’s with the alleged El Paso and Ohio shooters twitters being scrubbed and blocked?
So if "Connor Betts" was wearing a bullet proof vest, and wasn't shot in the head, how'd he die?
Why aren't I getting any conservative videos in my recommendations on YouTube, and have any of you been experiencing this?
Why gun control is needed.
Connecting dots....
Mass shootings are only false flags if you're white
The US Spy State &amp; The All Seeing Eye - The US Government and its Private Contractors have access to so much surveillance tech, yet they cant accurately identify people in mass shootings or other crimes - the spying has nothing to do with keeping us safe! - This is a must watch video
That’s tough. Don’t be sheep
These mass shooters have their social media profiles deleted. It's a way to close the case to the masses and control information after an event
Y’all are pathetic, predictable and a complete joke that nobody in power is actually concerned about.
Terrorism only counts when you're white
There is no good vs evil battle
Cloudflare to be terminating service for 8 chan as of Midnight tonight amidst mass shooting wave
Weird anomaly over Guam happening right now.
Let’s also not forget that AOC is still being investigated for potential money mismanagement, which she and her staff continue to deny even as members resign...
What might happen if the government doesn't let you have guns
Interesting Crosspost: Satire or Deceit? Christian Humor Site Feuds With Snopes
Thomas Aquinas on Liberty
FWIW A brief history of repressive regimes and their gun laws
Who ordered the interruption with extra obvious?..That'll be think of the children plus tip.
Coroner finds Gilroy festival shooter killed himself, contradicting police account
Ohio Shooter was Antifa. Media mostly silent
I created a cross fade of the two photos of the El Paso shooting suspect.
Dayton shooter was on adderall.
El Paso picture of TWO shooters?? The guy on the left looks similar to the guy they arrested.
Keep the Epstein conversations going. Don’t stop asking questions.
There has been a strong push to label the Dayton shooter a white nationalist. But he was a Trump hating atheist &amp; comes from a family of toxic white liberals. This is what happens when you brainwash your offspring w/ white liberalism. This is his mom’s FB page.
Um, can we talk about this? Jeffrey Epstein claiming to be a “transhumanist”?
Here we are again. Parkland victim’s parents just happened to be in El Paso, at the Walmart, at the exact time of this new mass shooting. Wonder the odds? See attached for a few more “coincidences.” Any theories or info?
So every mass shooter has a "Manifesto"? Yeah right. Reports of 2 or 3 shooters at the Walmart. Government black op, then frame a patsy, and call him a "white supremacist" with a bogus "Manifesto"
Why do the Recent Mass Shooters look very Similar?
Everything you think you know from school and media, is wrong. If you didn't go hunting for the answer and a book or a tvman gave it to you, then you best believe it's utter horse shit.
The only reason the shooting took place in El Paso is Trump's wall was built there first. The other shooting took place in swing states
Kinda convenient that a shooter so clearly and demonstrably from both the left and the right wing would go on a shooting rampage within 24 hours of each other don't you think?
The only reason the shooting took place in El Paso is the Trump's wall was built there first. The other shooting took place in swing states
What the fuck?
Mass Shootings
British teen who "changed her story" after accusing Israeli tourists of gang-raping her, was denied access to a lawyer, and forced to recant under duress by Cypriot police.
The next evolution of mass shootings will be done by ‘teams’ with triple digit casualties
I know there's a shooting in US, but something worse is happening in Hong Kong as our Police is literally thugs in uniform now
We are the aliens.
There's been an explosion of non-link picture posts lately
Weird thing I noticed about Dayton
I googled Epstein court files and the 3rd link from the results goes to the FBI site that contains 21 Files on Jeffrey Epstein. Not sure when these were uploaded as there is not date on the page
Three levels of psyop perception
One strong indicator of a Narrative at work is the presence of people connected to similar previous events...
Our Dayton, OH shooter died in 2014
Please read the Dayton shooter's Twitter page. Something doesn't add up; he was liking anti-mass shooting tweets right after El Paso
Social media The Colosseum of the 21st century
Court forces evidence public disclosure of Epstein’s girlfriend on Saturday have you seen it?
Gun grab 2019
Dayton shooter Connor Betts: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know - Heavy.com. Betts happily supported Elizabeth Warren as President but not Kamala Harris because she's a cop.
This really has me worked up i havent done alot of research but this is crazy
Dayton shooter's parents both worked for IC contractor MacAulay Brown
Ahead of his time and perhaps ours, I highly recommend listening to his lecture on YouTube “behold a pale horse.” Or his book by the same name. William “bill” Cooper was an outstanding man, who looked to spread truth in perhaps the most difficult time too and he was murdered for it. RIP Bill
This is old knowledge here, but I think that this is a trickle down for the public and possibly a precursor for explaining a potential 'alien' threat.
Not sure when these were released, but when I googled "Epstein court files", the third link in the search results are 21 files from the FBI vault.
Previously deleted by mods: We have Connor Betts twitter
White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway read over 2nd email regarding Brian’s Wrongful Conviction
Dayton Shooter, left leaning according to his twitter, claims of Far Right Association are questionable, possible false flag
New Anon? "Orwell" Whistleblower Video reveals human cloning operation? "Multiples" [DECLAS] Part 2
Mass Media trying to say certain sites breed dangerous conspiracists, but when people accused the 'entertainment' industry of media that influenced people to early sex/violence. They said there is absolutely no connection. So which is it? They don't know &amp; aren't authorities on anything.
Checkmate! Dayton Shooter - Connor Betts Died in 2014
With all of the latest mass shooting, it drives the question of what if?
PSA: Archive the logical content. Just in case.
Nasa already has procured warp drive technology, this video has to be a trickle to the masses, correct?
Went to the vault hoping for new Epstein docs, found Twelve Tribes in NC. How are they still operating?
Trump to issue a statement tomorrow on the "mass shootings". Don't be surprised if he supports gun control, including assault weapon ban. He already banned bump stocks and supports "red flag" gun confiscation laws
Talk is cheap
In light of all this recent Gladio bullshit, some thoughts on how to make oneself patsy-resistant
Conspiracy Theory: Does anyone else think that the shootings in Gilroy, El Paso, and Ohio are connected?
HE CANT KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH IT
3 mass shootings in 2 days? Not organic. Almost surely black ops or even staged hoax psyops, like Sandy Hook, the LAX shooting, etc. The NWO desperately wants to disarm the American people
Is this a perp switch or confirmation of there being more than one shooter in El Paso?
The MSM is now starting to create a narrative that there is a relationship between 8chan and these mass shootings. They are trying to destroy any site used for dissenting opinions. It won't be long before they come after this community.
Fortshit sucks tbh
what a strange article they are recommending to everyone - normalizing pedophilia in light of JE scandal?
PBS Kids Hypnotizing Kids ?
Robert Jurado gets shot at by a shooter at El Paso Walmart. In a interview he says that the gunman was dressed in all black and had a mask on. Different description than of Patrick Crusius.
YouTube Blacklists Federal Reserve Information. It’s Up To YOU To Spread It!
I just wanted to say how disgusting controlled r/pics is
OK this is some sort of Gladio type thing.
The Garlic, El Paso, and Dayton Shooters. Some Serious "Toxic Masculinity" Right Here Folks.
So what news did the Deep State need to black out with a FF yesterday? How about: FBI assisted Hillary to destroy evidence and obstruct justice. Any better contenders ? (aside from the usual gun control / divide the people narrative)
Paul McCartney died in 1966
What a coincidence
It Appears That Our Ohio Shooter Connor Betts Died in 2014...
Was watching a YouTube video and noticed all of these strange suggestions on the right, even one that was in a completely different language.
ESP CIA Document.
Super interesting thread on twitter about the el paso shooter
Real or Disinformation? (Ohio shooting)
All mass shootings, should be presumed to be false-flag attacks until veritably proven otherwise.
If some (or all) of these mass shootings are PsyOps, what are the criminal Alphabet agencies obfuscating from the public? Answer: "Judge dismisses DNC lawsuit against Assange and WikiLeaks"
I saw this and was wondering if maybe the shooting in El Paso and this were linked one way, or another, or if it was a pure coincidence.
Has anyone actually seen the El Paso manifesto? It seems I can’t find it, only articles that say what’s in it. So is there one, or is it I’m simply just overlooking it?
Edward Snowden to release memoir 'Permanent Record' on September 17th
Edward Snowden to release memoir 'Permanent Record' on September 17th
Where is the El Paso victim list?
Multiple shooters in both attacks yesterday?
My coworker and I were thinking about various ways the government keeps it eye on people.
8Chan creator calls for the site to be shut - down (More censorship)
I Dare Anyone Here to Come Prove to Me That 17 (AKA the letter between P and R) is Fake. I Dare You
Live PD, while entertaining, solely exists as a way to humanize police officers. It’s a massive PR stunt by the government to make cops look better.
Avg age of "mass shooters" -- anyone else notice that the average age of all mass shooters are in their early 20s/late teens? MkUltra anyone? (mossad killer breeder program?)
According NPR, initial reports in El Paso were of shooters in multiple locations
Toothpaste Lies
nbc headline is "7 wounded in shooting near playground" but... the actual article says it happened near a park where several people had "gathered" at 1:30 in the morning. It lists some as the victims as in their early 20's
Trump's Pedophiles 2
#WhiteSupremacyTerrorism Trending
Reddit has no problem calling this a case of a mentally unstable person. But when it’s a ... you see where I’m going.
Nothing to see here, move along
Front page "President Obama working on his speech at Sandy Hook elementary school." Except it's a picture of him at the high school
There is a lot of propaganda concerning firearms from politicians and media however remember One Truck is more dangerous and accessible (details in link). What is with the obsessive propaganda concerning firearms? Why are 'they' relentless to disarm the public?
El Paso Texas Shooting-MK Ultra Christ/Ausar Ritual!!
Clinton’s Criminal Cartel unravels by the day
YouTube Blacklists Federal Reserve Information. It’s Up To Us To Spread It!
Why is the media providing 2 completely different pictures from the El Paso shooter?
Pyramids of the World
The twitter account of the second shooter in Ohio has been found
Questions to those who believe in reptilian theory
Why is gun control even brought up? Isnt it too late to do anything at this point?
Human-monkey hybrid. These people are trying to play God.
EL PASO TEXAS SHOOTING-MK ULTRA CHRIST/AUSAR RITUAL!!
THE POWERS, Mass Arrests, Child Sacrifice, Anneke Lukas, Ronald Bernard, Cathy O'Brien COMPILATION
Things that make ya say huh
Strange iPhone message sent.
Is there any hope?
Eric Dollard - secrets of the sun completed and decoded
In-depth, three-hour long interview with Nikolas Schreck on the true background of the Tate-LaBianca murders that made Charles Manson infamous
Comment below the most insane conspiracy theories
Something don’t sit right about these shootings.
Interesting word choice -el Paso shooter manifesto
How could it be Conner when he died in 2014
Hamilton
ISO: FBI / CIA kidnapping article
Joining the powers that be.
When are they releasing the Epstein docs?
Patrick Crusius' manifesto. Funny how the media portrayed him as a trump supporter and kkk member.
Hmmmmm
In case you're labelled "crazy" for thinking mass shootings are false flags...
Help me find a comment about the el Passo shooters address being linked to prior mass shooters living there
A Tale Of Two Patricks.
Trump Admin Withdrawal of Nuclear Treaty with Russia this weekend...2 mass shootings in 24 hours?
In Chicago, 293 people have been killed this year. That is 33 fewer than 2018.
There was 36 homicides in Baltimore last month. 194 year to date....
This is what the shootings are distracting from. Trump withdrawal of nuclear treaty
Does anyone else notice that the air has a weird smell too it after contrails are sprayed everywhere? Yesterday there were a ton of them in the air (they’re gone now) but the air still smells weird
Does anybody feel the timing of these shootings are related to the democratic debates?
The Process of Becoming an MK Ultra Public Shooter
Each and every single one of you was right, the Jeffrey Epstein case doesn't exist anymore.
HK protests related to trade negotiations?
El Paso Walmart Shooter Left a Manifesto. Here’s What We Know. [VIDEO]
Dayton Ohio, why oh why is there pile of shoes !!!!!
The two shooters....2 states, thousands of miles apart. The similarities are striking.
EXISTENTIAL STUPIDITY – the “Moron” Meme
They're dividing us
Mind Control from the 70s
Dayton, OH shooter was a registered Democrat
I read something also on Reddit or YouTube (can't remember specific source) that some universities are going to study particulates sprayed into the sky. Is this already happening? These clouds in LA don't look normal.
Don't get carried away by recent shootings. Remember Epstein and remember our true enemy
El Paso Shooting
"Posted vs Tagged"- the Patrick Crusius Story
Somthings going down
We have had 250 mass shootings in 2019 so far, almost none have been headlines until now. The only developing story as big as Epstein is Hong Kong. I'm predicting some military intervention while we're distracted.
The people that still hate Trump but liked obama only hate him because theyre sexist and racist
When are they releasing the Epstein docs?
There is nothing scarier than to watch the news and see an agenda in play.
A Comprehensive Guide to Becoming a Public Shooter(How to Become an MK slave)
It’s hard to continue fitting in once exposed to the truth.
Anyone think that the global warming denial propaganda was/is a push for mass immigration?
"Posted vs Tagged" - The Patrick Crusius Story
Everyone just thinks I’m going crazy
Connor Betts died in 2014 at 22 years old...
Charles Morgan was an escrow agent working for the feds &amp; organized crime groups. He was found shot in the back of the head after disappearing. He was wearing a bullet proof vest &amp; had a bible verse &amp; map to the death scene strapped to his leg as well as a tooth. It was ruled suicide.
How come when politicians talk about healthcare they only mention insurance and they never mention the FDA or the pharmaceutical companies that actually set the prices?
PAUL DESMARAIS : Private island and Club.
Hmm
Don't call it a conspiracy!
Fat Willy Barr says the US needs encryption backdoors to prevent “going dark.”
Government covering up multiple shooters because they don’t want us to see our defenses are weak &amp; it was a part of a terrorist group
Coincidences between major tragedies in America
A crazy Silicon Valley engineer calling for revolution.
U.S. Air Force and Raytheon Join Navy and Lockheed Martin by Introducing Directed Energy Weapons
4 shooters in the Walmart?
Remember the days when people blamed the NWO, Illuminati, Bilderberg, CFR, etc...INSTEAD OF LEFT/RIGHT PARADIGM POLITICS?
Awfully casual arrest scene for someone who just murdered 20 people.
A cure for Hepatitis C was approved, encouraging people to trust the pharmaceutical industry and believe that there is no cure for cancer.
Prominent reporter Peter Bright charged with soliciting child sex online
Shootings just a smoke-wall over this controversy
Mass shootings
The Trump Administration wants to take your guns.
What kind of cold-blooded psycho has the nerve to change pants before getting arrested?
My thoughts jumbledAll team based ideology is bad. Nobody knows the answer not a single religion nor political affiliation. We need to have open ears to everybody’s struggle no matter who or where they are. Open your mind to the idea that no matter what you are thinking or reading it could be false
shootings
All the money that goes into wars
Coca cola zero was an inside job to destroy the taste of original cola. Wut?
I’m starting to believe these attacks are false flags used to divert attention away from the Epstein list
When To Buy Gold And Silver - Self Restraint When Buying Gold &amp; Silver!
Mass shootings
Recent string of mass shootings likely a distraction from the upcoming Epstein trial.
Some dirty work is at play.
Divided and conquered, we stand
Could these recent string of shootings be leading to a bigger distraction from the Epstein case?
I stopped believing in these mass shootings back in 2016. Mass shooters are like serial killers, they exist but they are rare. This happens way too much and has way too much political leverage around it.
Was Kurt Cobain a KGB agent?
Still, 28 Years Later This Clip is Perfectly Exemplifies the Perils of the Black Person in America
Big Brother Spy Balloons coming to a town near you!!
The Dayton shooting appears to be two separate incidences. The suspect's sister and her boyfriend were found shot dead in a car nearby.
Gun control is an attack in self sufficient rural populations.
Does anyone track how often survivors of mass shootings, or their immediate family, happen to be in the vicinity of other mass shootings?
In light of recent shootings here's a pdf of Fritz Springmeier's "The Illuminati Formula to Create an Undetectable Total Mind Control Slave". It may lead you to some answers.
In light of recent shootings here's a pdf Fritz Springmeier's "The Illuminati Formula to Create an Undetectable Total Mind Control Slave". It may lead you to some answers.
A Bit of Information about Dayton, Ohio; the Site of Last Night’s Shooting
Stay frosty, friends.
Facebook is filling my newsfeed timeline with anybody writing mini-opeds of people I normally don’t see railing against guns in the wake of yesterday’s shootings. Manipulation + new algorithm?
Snitch nwo goon in president briefing room: Mr. President, we must arrest and indefinitely detain all free-thinking Americans!! But first we have to disarm them!! Enact Rex84!! We're ready! Trump: fck your mother.
Anyone else a bit spooked by the density of shootings following the investigation on Epstein possibly pulling others down with him?
Odd
Did anyone else get evacuated from Walmart yesterday morning?
Mass Shootings are Self-Reinforcing Feedback Loop in a Declining Civilization
Notice any correlation between 2016 and 2019?
Gilroy, el paso, ohio and election season
Be careful of false info
El Paso shooter's father was jewish and worked at a CIA facility that researched brainwashing
The Shooter's MyLife Page
The Gun Grabbers Game Plane.
Mysterious Ancient Bags EXPLAINED! - Proof Of LOST Ancient Civilization?
What mass shootings HAVEN’T been false flags?
Am I the only one thinking this?
Area 51
Top Secret Aurora class craft caught on video in Paris, France
Why do trans people get a free pass at being assholes just because they're trans?
Journalist Vicky Ward seems to run interference for the deep state. She did with Wall Street and now she &amp; her friends are covering for Jeffrey Epstein's alleged procurer of underage girls, Ghislaine Maxwell. Video looks closely at this deep state operative and who her parents are.
Comment auto deleted when posting replay to a user calling someone sick for questioning the media on their coverage of mass shooters
Get rid of the submission statement requirement.
"I HEAR VOICES: A Worrying Trend Of Mass Shooting Suspects Throughout History Before Committing Horrific Murders » The Event Chronicle"
The El Paso Manifesto is a distraction to blame Trump while censoring the shooters existence
Facebook Insider: Facebook 'Deboosting' Conservative Sites
Question about the El Paso shooting..
Did Anon figure it out?
First hand accounts of Bohemian Grove Human Hunting Parties
How does a trending hashtag become misspelled?
SUBMISSION STATEMENT???
El Paso Shooting Hoax
In light of yesterday's shootings, we remember 9/11, and pledge to never let our rights be trampled on the same way again
In the World of Truth and Fact, Russiagate is Dead. In the World of the Political Establishment, it is Still the New 42 - Craig Murray, former UK ambassador and torture whistleblower.
"Shoot them" Trump laughs off a supporter's demand for violence against migrants.
The El Paso shooters mylife webpage was changed after the shooting. From a democrat who supports antiFa, to a republican. Archived using the way back machine
Alert: Alabama. FF Incoming? Just like Ohio...hiring role players/crisis actors. Eyes On...
Is it possible to hack into another person's brain and control them remotely?
It’s now being reported that the alleged manifesto of the El Paso gunman, claiming he agreed with Christchurch mosque shooter, was a hoax.
I had a dream about MADELIENE MCCANN
Young girl Screaming heard outside Comet Ping Pong. Suspected business in PizzaGate conspiracy. "It means nothing" you say? maybe, but maybe not.
Just gonna state the obvious
I just learned today that you can vote without ID. Why is that?
Hear me out about UFO’s
Who’s the Dayton shooter?
Shootings =/= Epstein
BOHEMIAN GROVE HUMAN HUNTING PARTIES!
CBS - 48 hours last night (subliminal programming at its finest) “Let’s correlate spousal and child murder with conspiracy theories”. Nice Timing too...
One of my buddies sent me this. Just wanted some opinions.
Let's see how quickly this post gets shoa'd
Russia/chinese strategy?
Down on our luck but since we have jobs and are trying our best REDDIT says we dont qualify to ask for help? Conspiracy to only help those who arent trying? :(
My take on this sub, as new member.
Gun Control Bots - Leftist Twitter Bots All Miss Spell Gun Control At Once #GunConrolNow
Reverse Diversionary Foreign Policy
Bryan Crusius (El Paso shooter's father) is a therapist and former Director of Dual Diagnosis at a psychiatric hospital shut down for "safety violations". Father is handler of shooter operative.
How does a trending hashtag even get misspelled?
Simon group
Article shows Dayton shooting from 2 days ago
Just a thought...
Conspiracy Theorist Crackdown and the Targeting of /r/conspiracy
Shooter Patrick Crusius’s MyLife Page after Saturday Shooting from Democrat to Republican
Walmart will definitely be sued for not protecting their customers. The store was a gun free zone and they don't have armed guards except on black Friday. We will start seeing armed guards, police, and maybe TSA style security checks in malls, big box stores, etc.
Discussing gun control on an Instragram post from a large page, suddenly start getting this. Has never happened before.
Two shootings in places named El Paso yesterday.
Both the El Paso Shooter and the Daton Ohio shooters were wearing "ear muffs". Why? Coincidence? Is this a thing?
Sometimes I wonder...
More Solid Proof Of Non-Humans Mimics Or The Like, Among The Population, Or At Least The Higher-Ups
The JonBenét Ramsey CONSPIRACY!
EL PASO - @elpasotimes reporter captured this eyewitnesses account. The man, who stated he saw the shooter twice clearly indicated that the shooter was in all black with a mask?
Google searches show articles written in advance of El Paso shooting.
Active shooter diversion?
Without heart (or socialistic conscience), Hyper-Capitalists routinely desecrate cemeteries and mausoleums, even removing the headstones of 20,000 graves and leaving the buried bodies to be built over/developed. Sometimes the bones are removed and coffins left in place
Maybe if women hadn't rejected the El Paso kid
3 shootings with in a small span of each other
What will the world be like in 2050 when China is the global superpower? India will be the new China and America will become the new Britain. How will China flex its muscles? Will democracy slowly die out and be replaced by one-party authoritarian state capitalism? Can we stop it?
Japan approves human-animal hybrids | Catholic Herald (Alex Jones tried to warn us)
Trump ran for President to protect himself.
Google is Censoring Search Results
El Paso shooter's profile was changed from "registered Democrat" to Republican, Christian, member of the NRA, and Q Anon follower right after the shooting on the same day. Stop believing what the MSM tells you r/conspiracy, I thought we would have learned this by now.
Why has the world suddenly turned globalist? As in who decided we needed mass migration and who paid for it?
Harvard Scientists Funded by Bill Gates to Begin Spraying Particles Into the Sky In Experiment to Dim the Sun
El Paso Gunman Eyewitness claims Four (4) Gunmen Involved...
Here is a report on the connection between psychiatric drugs and mass shootings in America. Gun control alone will not stop mass attacks in our country. We have to look at what motivates these people to want to harm others not just the tools they choose to commit atrocities.
Have you ever been sucked into a whirlwind of ambition that forces you to make a three hour documentary based on the book : Acid Dreams?
Alex Jones
"Four men, dressed in black" - Possible False flag Operation
Michael Moore: Are SSRI Antidepressant drugs causing Shootings? (Bowling for Columbine Director)
Company called Human Domain Solutions (HDS) a Crisis actors hub set up shop in Dayton Ohio. From August 5-8, 3000 people. Obvious false flag (real victims, sometimes) fake narrative to disarm and begin depopulation. Multiple shooters reported too. Stay woke.
Everyone Calling the Shooters Incel Nerds
Coincidence that Neil A. ( Neil Armstrong ) backwards is Alien ?
Voat
EL PASO SHOOTING HOAX
The 170 MPG Car That Almost Was
The 170 MPG Car That Almost Was
Can't wait for them to release the video footage of the El Paso shooting
Parents of teen killed at Parkland were in El Paso during Walmart shooting
Google Now Running Bilderberg Type Gatherings
Another mass shooting in the U.S. (NOT WALMART) And all this is trending on Twitter. I’m pretty sure sh*t’s about to get crazier very soon! Not sure if it’s part of “the agenda”, but I’m sure by now most shootings are planned/coordinated by a higher power. Thoughts?
The media consistently fails in reporting the truth
First legislative body in the country officially supports a new investigation into the events of 9/11.
UFO Sighting in Fairfield, Ohio on August 3, 2019
Crucial, the el Paso shooter, was a Democrat before the shooting and a Republican after.
Just gonna leave this here in light of recent events.
4 Democrats were allowed more words than Bernie Sanders at the CNN Debate despite Bernie polling higher than 3 of those 4.
Check out this video on antarctica and the book of enoch :)
Shootings, storm Area 51, shift the focus away from this guy
New Evidence Unveils Disturbing Facts About Hillary's Email Scandal. FBI is implicated in destroying evidence to benefit Clinton
Where's the payoff for all these supposed false flags?
It stands to reason that Democrats benefit from the participation of non-citizens that the party would be opposed to any form of Voter ID laws. It’s concerning therefore that Twitter is now attempting to suppress the voices of any American citizens calling for Voter ID law
Media War Toolkit — The Seven Deadliest Weapons Against Establishment Propaganda
The Real Da Vinci Code - from the man who decoded the Shakespeare Sonnet's cover to reveal intricate, hidden esoteric geometry - a quick dive into findings connecting Ancient Egypt to the iconic Vitruvian Man
what else big is happening in the news right now?
Cui Bono? Interesting recent mass shooting coincidences.
what else big is happening in the news right now?
Jews Protest ICE Deportations in NYC
If there is a conservative backlash the LGBT community would be the first on the chopping block.
Is it just me or is this staggeringly bad alert time?
There seem to be more mass shootings in May, June, July. Is there any entities like the occult or the government that have specific events happening in these months that they may need the public or media not to focus on?
5 dead Wisconsin shooting, no national coverage
There seems to be more shootings in May, June and July could someone be using this to their advantage to arouse less suspicion?
Mainstream Media and Websites Like Reddit Fuel Mass Shootings
I tried posting this to 4chan earlier but I was flagged for spam.
CNN saying they don't love mass shootings; Check CNN on its website or TV and it's on the front page and TV nonstop
The "John of God" connection.
On cue, the ludicrous El Paso "Manifesto" has already been hastily confirmed and validated as an authentic document in less than 24 hours by MSM.
Above Majestic! Just started watching this. I used to like David Wilcox back in the day, maybe even my gateway to conspiracies, but I feel like his information got a little weird, maybe he got misleading information. Anyway who’s seen this and what’s ya thoughts??
What if Beetlejuice is behind all of Stranger things plot because of Winona Ryder?
The FBI just two days ago labled all conspiracy theories "domestic terrorism"
A quick question about getting my hands on files and documents
4 Injured = Mass Shooting. Vast majority of the Shootings are Drive Bys, Violence Between Gangs and other Criminals. More than half of the Mass Shootings has 0 fatalities.
Looking for El Paso Manifesto
Cryptozoology. The Dogman of Michigan. Come join the live chat and let's talk all things Cryptids.
Yes, yes, keep arguing amongst yourselves
A few questions I’m afraid to ask about guns.
Shooting stocks
5am Human theory
Shootings and Conspiracy theorists
"Storm area 51" facebook page is deleted. Does anyone have idea of the reason of the disappeared page?
Where did the Lizard people stuff originate from.
Let us all remember El Paso has absolutely nothing to do with knock this off the front page!
‘Political technology’ presents all politics as a video game. It’s use by Russia is effective
"Stochastic Terrorism"
Gun Limiting laws will be enacted on a Sunday
JFK to 911 Everything is a Rich Man’s Trick
Could 9/11 have been a case of mass MISDIRECTION? I’ve been fascinated by the abilities of Magicians, Pick Pockets, and Charlatans to capture and divert an audience or victims attention making them oblivious to the underlying ruse being committed. While we were all watching what else happened?
At least 7 wounded in Chicago mass shooting: gunman opened fire from his vehicle near Douglas Park playground.
Leftists Change El Paso Shooter Patrick Crusius's MyLife Page after Saturday Shooting from Democrat to Republican, add Qanon member.
The El Paso Shooting Is The 249th Mass Shooting Of 2019
Gunman killed after mass shooting in Dayton, Ohio: 9 dead, at least 16 injured
Dayton, Ohio shooting: 9 dead and 16 injured in shooting in city's Oregon District - CNN
North Point, Hong Kong, August 11. Beware.
My prediction and theory on gun control
The El Paso and Dayton shootings are connected
Another shooter kills 9, injures 16 in a bar in Dayton Ohio just now. Not 24 hours after the El Paso shooting that killed 20, injured 26! Is this another Trump Terrorist? We will see. (Image: Dead Suspect)
Chicago Mass shooting
“Just a coincidence”
Thinking outside the box...
Reminder: An undercover FBI agent texted an Islamist terrorist with the message "tear up Texas" before a shooting in Garland Texas.
The Gilroy and El Paso shootings are "examples" engineered by the shadow government to demonstrate that controlling the internet is necessary and warranted.
Active shooter in Oregon District
Mass shooting reported in Chicago near Douglas Park
Dayton Ohio Shooting possible False Flag or Training Exercise
Dr. Martin Pall To The NIH: "The 5G Rollout Is Absolutely Insane."
Three mass shootings six days apart?
22 JUL 2019: Tulsi Gabbard Co-Sponsors Audit the Fed Bill -- officially known as H.R.24 The Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2019.
One of the glitter industry’s biggest clients doesn’t want the public to know that it’s using glitter.
Anyone who wants to label mass shooters as “domestic terrorists” are allowing the government to take away your freedoms.
At least 7 people are confirmed dead at a mass shooting in Dayton, Ohio
New crypto gambling platform!!!! FREE 0.02BTC for everyone!
They need you to believe in it’s power because without that, it’s nothing.
Mass Shooting in Dayton, OH with Multiple Victims - LIVE COVERAGE
PSA [semi-meta]: voat.co is working fine. (Logon required). This is a psyop attack!
Howiseetheworld
Instagram bans cracks down on violence in videos ahead of shootings.
Congress is well-aware that doctors (through prescription and medical error) are openly shown to actually be the #1 killer of Americans.
“Only the small secrets need to be protected. The big ones are kept secret by public incredulity.” ~ Marshall McLuhan (1911-1980) Canadian philosopher of communication theory
Has anyone noticed how YouTube searches puts news channels in the top videos?
What is the agenda behind banning semi automatic rifles when bolt action rifles can have the same rate of fire?
Police Are Responding to Active Shooter in Dayton, Ohio (Video)
Reports of Active Shooter in Dayton,Ohio
El Paso Witness Statement
El Paso Shooter and Gilroy Garlic Festival Shooter practically twins
Troll Armies are spreading disinformation in order to destabilize nation states: Antivaxx, anti-immigrant, anti health care, anti gun legislation, anti homeless, you name it l, if it’s negative, it’s encouraged.
Watching the news regarding El Paso shooting and hearing that a lot of people are donating blood to Red Cross.
WHAT CAN CAUSE AN NORMAL PERSON TO BECOME EVIL? I know what could do that, MAOI'S If you take them they make you feel great, literally happy! but the effect wears off and you need more and more, otherwise you just feel normal, so naturally YOU STOP TAKING THEM and you drop into evil darkness
What went down today that they had to pull a mass shooting to put the spotlight somewhere else?
El Paso
Checkout new 5g resistant clothing
Where did all the good conspiracy theories videos on YouTube go?
Manifesto suspiciously vindicates Trump, eye witness at El Paso Walmart claims to see 4 men dressed in black "firing guns indiscriminately"
The El Paso shooter's father rented out space to "healers" trained by child trafficker John of God from Brazil
Mass Shooting prevented in Texas suspect already had a plan and weapons
Can we have a real and honest conversation about mass shootings?
The number of shooters.
Archived Pizza.com
From Facebook. Though I'd share..
Kent State material/conspiracies/repercussions etc.?
Cult in my town
One thing I don't get. El Paso shooter posts his manifesto to 8chan and gets laughed at. In his manifesto he doesn't mention a certain group of people that wear small hats. If you've been to 4chan or 8chan you would know a shooter claiming to be from /pol/ would have named them in a manifesto. 100%
The great hack
"We can offer the Lord no excuses for ignoring His holy day." Do any religions acknowledge a holy day? How many abide by it?
What does his manifesto say to you?
What does the El Paso shooters memoir say to you?
Haven't used my account in nearly 2 years, forgot how to get to you guys and sure enough these clowns showed up as the second result
I replied to a friend about the shooting with the “Trump” guns picture and this happened immediately
7/28 David Hogg protesting guns in Texas, 7/30 Plan seige to Push Border resistance 8/3 Shooting happens If you see Hogg Run for your life
supercut highlights of Tulsi Gabbard from the most recent debate
What if the El Paso shootings were perpetrated by the Democratic Party to push the narrative the Republicans are spreading racism ?
"Press Release" 2014 - Leslie H. Wexner, Chairman and CEO of L Brands, to Receive Lifetime Achievement Award
Wake up. The deep state left is staging mass shootings all over the country to keep the media reporting on that only, and not the achievements or economy restored by President Donald Trump.
How to quickly tell if a mass shooter is just a mentally ill person or a radical terrorist
Why is Yahoo and The Telegraph Posting the exact same article?
The richest European oligarchs constantly fought each other in order to take control of the Vatican. This power struggle never really went away... The Vatican is still the most powerful institution in the world.
Five companies control 90% of the media in the US. These and companies on the outside are controlled by the CIA, the Jesuits and their apprentices.
Wal-Marts have a lot of cameras
I lost my mind because I realized that majority was everything. That gossip, lies and stupidity, by being accepted by the majority of people they could turn themselves into what was righteous. That's why I chose loneliness. It was the only way I could save what I believed was right.
JFK files reveal US planned to buy Soviet planes to carry out false flag attacks.
Monsanto paid an industry front group to claim its own weedkiller is safe and attack its critics.
Cardinal József Mindszenty was accused of conspiring to overthrow the Communists. Was he really 100% innocent?
President Trump’s cabinet consists of several wealthy elites, including Goldman Sachs, Bilderberg, and former Rothschild banker, Wilbur Ross. Ross bailed Trump out of bankruptcy in the early 90’s, and repaid the favor, making him sec. of commerce years later.
Also useful when questioning media and information
Pennsylvania priests not only raped over 1,000 children, but the Catholic Church moved priests around so they wouldn't get caught "for decades!".
Thats not a joke.....its called hiding in plain sight.
And thus the infallible word of God was written in stone... (The official narrative of the El Paso shooting on wikipedia already)
Blue Cheese is just old ranch...
Insurance price reduction apps.
This is not a joke man....
Gangstalking Perp caught in the act!! (Legal Harassment)
Seems to be a Glitch in the Matrix
Nice to see some convobots putting together entire profiles for Reddit... And 4 years old at that
Okay. So some things about this ElPaso shooting are not adding up right now.
2 Police sketches of "1 person" based on 2 separate accounts by 2 different people.
Former Nickelodean star is exposing Dan Schneider and the gross hollywood entertainment industry
Do you think she truly is Victoria's Secret's first trans model?
Discussion: Donald Trump tweets support for Covington then his sons get ringside seats
So many Trump Supporters are mass murderers and terrorists, here are a few that are confirmed MAGA supporters.
The Dems are right about gun control after this shooting except this guy probably isnt a law abiding citizen.
Does anyone know Whats happening with Epstein? isn't it Weird how all these mass shootings happening?
How the West downed MH17
Washington Examiner Reporter sources that Second El Paso shooter was killed by police.
The average Canadian family paid $39,299 in taxes last year—more than housing, food and clothing combined
There’s no hypocrite like a rich, jet-setting anti-global-warming one
Democrats benched stars Joe Kennedy and Connor Lamb for 2024 election
We don’t hear about the Garlic Fest shooting but we will get MONTHS of the El Paso shooter because one was Muslim and the other white...
Paul McCartney is the head of the illuminati.
Report: Far-Left Groups Plan ‘Siege’ On El Paso, Texas, To Push ‘Border Resistance’
Beto O'Rourke Planned the El Paso Shooting
The Illuminati: Certain Meditations Concerning Illuminism By Manly P. Hall 5/5
Saw this on twitter a little while ago. This is going to spice things up.
Tulsi Gabbard has done the unpardonable: criticized US global hegemony
Child Abduction and Serial Killer Unit - Weird Cover Page found in Vince Foster archives
Why can’t google release the data of mass shooters... why are they all in the same demographic?
Your TV is spying on you
Some conspiracy clown...
Bob Lazar is bullsh*t
Nestlé India is under scrutiny after they violated the law by conducting clinical trials for breast milk substitutes on 75 premature babies
Journey to the West prophesied about Jesus, Hitler, Xi Jinping, Sun Wukong
Whenever a group is fighting for change, i.e. $15 minimum wage for fast food, unions etc, big companies WANT you to laugh at and not support these groups. This is how they get away with paying slave wages and treating employees badly. Shouldn’t we all support change that benefits our fellow man?
Noticed something a bit peculiar on Netflix...
Are we just supposed to accept a mass shooting just happens to be in the same city whose mayor is a Democrat presidential candidate?
Subliminal Preconditioning of Destruction of Twin Towers on 9/11
General Corso has been discussed here a while ago. I love the fact people believe there is no way we retrieved alien tech, and that it would be impossible but making the tech from scratch ourselves is doable. Doesn't that also imply that its possible another race could create it and bring it here?
Gillette Knew Profits Will Be Down So They Created A Botched #MeToo Campaign as an Excuse.
Warning from a lurker - You all know way too much about the government and media
This country has a mental health problem disguised as a gun problem and a tyranny problem disguised as a security problem
Trump's Pedophiles 2 - YouTube
Noticed something a bit peculiar on Netflix...
It's time you know the truth. You did not evolve to be superior than your ancestors.
5% of all people have a liver enzyme that can trigger psychosis with certain anti-depressant medication.
The CIA Takeover of America in the 1960s Is the Story of Our Times. The Killing of the Kennedys and Today's New Cold War
JUST IN! Trump Bags in another VICTORY against Dems over Constitution Violations... See what POTUS did
WARNING - YOU GUYS KNOW TOO MUCH ABOUT THE GOVERNMENT
Purple can erase a dimension
Beto is responding to the shooting in EL Paso and he is a really bad actor
Investigators 'reasonably confident' Texas suspect left anti-immigrant screed, tipped off before attack
Any good documentaries on Barter Systems?
Purple Reign
WARNING - YOU GUYS KNOW TOO MUCH ABOUT THE GOVERNMENT
Chemtrails are now normal?
Conspiracy theory has surfaced in Bangladesh causing endless fear. According to rumors, the Padma Bridge construction requires 100,000 heads and blood of children as sacrifice.
Was Close Encounters of the 3rd kind based on real events? Did Spielberg get special insight from Dr. J Allen Hynek? Here's more to go along with the Bob Lazar post.
What’s going on with Voat? Been down for awhile
El paso victim claims she saw 3-4 armed men in black.
Like clockwork, a mass shooting happens in the middle of the Democrat race.
Harvard Scientists, Funded By Bill Gates, To Begin Spraying Particles Into The Sky To Dim The Sun
[9/11] The Lone Gunmen
The El Paso Walmart shooter is now confirmed to be a Trump supporter, even going so far as to spell out "TRUMP" with an assortment of firearms prior to his attack.
TEst
Women claims 3-4 shooters were active and shooting
Mass shootings are the new Bread and Circuses.
The effort to link the El Paso shooter to Trump is insane right now.
Antifa announces 10 day siege in El Paso then the shooting occurs...
TEST
Im stating to think all those here pushing pedophile conspiracies in everything are closeted pedos.
I think it's time we had an honest discussion about something that is fairly obvious to almost everyone paying attention. We cannot reserve the term 'terrorist' only for middle easterners. The El Paso mall shooter claimed in a manifesto that he wanted to do the attack to stop the 'hispanic invasion'
Edward Snowden Shines a Light on Who Mass Surveillance is Really Meant For.
The Great Hack
Active shooter drill at El Paso Mall 1 month ago
So the El Paso shooter just so happened to get arrested without a scratch on him, after posting a right wing manifesto?
False flags and the energy of the masses. To separate, to build up an even greater potential difference, to add the catalyst, and to control the discharge of this energy.
From the man who cracked the Shakespeare Sonnet's cover page full of esoteric geometry &amp; ref to Great Pyramid, latest video - The Real Da Vinci Code
Celebrities, royals and politicians brace themselves as court orders release of explosive Jeffrey Epstein files
October 2018 Reddit CEO interview - talks about conspiracies at around the 30 minute mark
White House Kellyanne Conway read over email regarding Brian’s case
Orit Badouk Epstein - Ritual Abuse and Mind Control - The Manipulation of Attachment Needs (2011) pdf
The USA should have laws for journalism like the uk
What's with the goose?
MONARCH, a comic about mk-ultra superheroes.
Found another potential alternative to Youtube or at least a place to find some censored conspiracy videos
El Paso Shooter and Gilroy Garlic Festival Shooter practically twins
Prediction: a NEW study will come out claiming conspiracy theorists are low iq
Lol
Google plans to sabotage Trump's 2020 election chance says former staff
Laurel Canyon is a region of L.A. that was home to many of the counter culture artists in the 1960's and 70's. There is a long standing conspiracy that the movement in the area was infiltrated and guided like so many movements today.
El Paso shooter was actually McLovin
The Wal-Mart shooter in El Paso was a white male who liked Trump = Classic false flag by Democrats
Deceiving the Entire World - Nukes, Nations, and the NWO
This looks like pre-programming to me. Reddit admin are already silently removing thought-crimes. Whats' next auto -moderation time delays on posting? Voting restrictions on "thought-criminals"? ...Yes
R Kelly, Dan Schneider and Harvey Weinstein: Can We Separate the Art from the Artist?
It’s getting so weird when your mind automatically treats the coverage of a mass shooting like Cluedo.
Reports of multiple shooters in El Paso Walmart shooting
Look at Crusius' Twitter before it gets taken down. 270+ followers, most of whom are Hispanic and from El Paso.
State Closes Midtown Miami School Tied to NXIVM "Sex Cult" Leader
All the democrats already trying to use this tragedy to take away our rights.
Circulating on the chans - message that walmart shooting was part of a larger operation
El Paso Shooters ALLEGED, UNCONFIRMED Manifesto
Hmmm, wonder how these effect people living near them?
My first thought of the El Paso shooter was that he was contracted by some huge online shopping company.
This looks like pre-programming to me. Reddit admin are silently removing "thought-crimes". What's next? Voting restrictions? Auto-Mod time-delays on posting? Yes.
An update with Wolfgang Halbig &amp; Marty Leeds (Sandy Hook)
What if all this stuff about companies monitoring us is a distraction?
Any one else think it’s suspicious that Antifa was just in El Paso and that Beto O Rourke is from Texas and is running for president?
Remote Viewing Ancient Civilizations - a compilation of data. Groundbreaking, answers to Most
This was the first mainstream source reporting the shooter's "manifesto" and it changed the title and article 3 times in about 1 hour. I'll link the last one.
Unacknowledged
911 Planes Traveled In Time
This was the first mainstream source of news reporting on the El Paso shooter’s “manifesto” it changed the article and title 3 times in the last hour. https://photos.app.goo.gl/ bhSoFgzy8W3B4ZqU8
THE POWERS, Mass Arrests, Anneke Lukas, Ronald Bernard, Cathy O'Brien COMPILATION
Nice try Google...
Welcome To Waterbury: The City That Holds Epstein's and Trump's Secrets
911 PLANES TRAVELED IN TIME
88888 days
Celebrities, royals and politicians brace themselves as court orders release of explosive Jeffrey Epstein files
A reminder on a day like today - Actual Causes of Death vs The Media's Coverage of Causes of Death
Nestlé India is under scrutiny after they violated the law by conducting clinical trials for breast milk substitutes on 75 premature babies.
What's going on with r/catloversyay ?
The Psychology of Conspiracy Theories by Sam Vaknin
Where is the manifesto of el Paso shooter that was just on here?
Police in El Paso, Texas, reportedly called the mass-casualty shooting that left multiple people dead “gang-related terrorism.” A suspect is allegedly in custody. El Paso Mayor Dee Margo reports at least three confirmed fatalities.
Jesuit Priest Father Andrew Francis Monroe S.J. was a descendant of U.S. President James Monroe, James Monroe almost got the USA into official diplomatic relations with the Knights of Malta in 1794!
MUST WATCH - This is the real truth about what is happening on this planet! From the Pedophilia to the Never-Ending Wars! To the Poison in the Food, Water &amp; Air, the Insanity of the Mainstream Media, the Fake Science, Suppression of Space Travel Tech, the Secret behind why UFOs, Human Trafficking!
I'm just gonna say it: the El Paso shooting vastly hinders Beto O'Rourke's campaign and could very well be a plant
No matter your political alignment you should read this transparency report TD just release.
Clappin' Alien Cheeks
Video of Kevin Spacey reading a poem in Rome
For those who haven't seen it: Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
False Flag in El Paso Today
There was a horrible shooting at my hometown today. El Paso has been the safest city in the US for a long time. I am crying a lot and I am devastated. Not confirmed, but they are saying it could be antifa.
Maybe all these mass shootings are to distract us from Epstein story
Photo of the shooter suspect in custody
This video shows very clearly the lack of panic or concern from victims and customers in the El Paso shooting. Notice the man casually pushing a shopping cart and a woman pointing to her wound that looks like a small bug bite...screenshots in comments
The fact that there are no new TVs that are non-"smart" is disturbing.
The Epstein/Madoff Connection
NBC’s link to the transcript from Night 1 of the debates redirects to Night 2's transcript. Corporate media clearly trying to censor the anti-elite, anti-corruption message of the insurgency taking on the corporate power within the Democratic Party that we saw on Night 1
Why is Tulsi Running for President?
What if this shooting in El Paso was committed by a cartel?
Be There
Cielo Vista Mall in El Paso, Texas "Shooting" Where's the blood?
Alleged Manifesto of El Paso shooter.
I just found out that the Priory of Sion has an "official website"
Patriotic American promise to personally fund Ilhan Omar’s DEPORTATION SEE Reason here
With or without icebreaker, Qajaq can't get through, says coast guard. 'We're battling ice conditions that we haven't seen in 30 years,' says Minister Steve Crocker (Nfld. &amp; Labrador)
A global conspiracy revealed by an insider.
Google’s File on You is 10 Times Bigger Than Facebook’s. Missions Statement = I think it's crazy how much information they have on us and the fact they control so much of what we get to see online.
Bill Cooper 1996
Mozilla is controlled opposition
Area 51
The Pledge To Israel that All Politicians Must Sign
Trump kept ASAP Rocky in prison
WORD
Bird trappers created birds to sell more bird cages
Another drill by yours truly. Somehow modern shootings don’t come with any trauma only confused policemen
Trump administration cuts legal funding for victims of human trafficking
The beginning of the end.
Active Shooter in El Paso - LIVE BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE
There's a conspiracy here somewhere
El Paso Walmart shooting today: Police confirm "active shooter" after reports of shots fired at Walmart
Google’s File on You is 10 Times Bigger Than Facebook’s — Here’s How to View It. My question is, is it too late to stop the tracking of everything we do? And should we continue to fight it or accept it and try to make the best of it?
Watch live: Police respond to active shooter near El Paso mall
Secret Societies and How the Real Assassin's Creed Order survived to the 21st Century
Theory on FBI declaration of conspiracy theorist being named domestic terrorist!
Strange Cube spotted floating over El Paso, TX. Hours later, a shooting occurs in the same city
MASS ARREST COMPILATION + Testimonies - Anneke Lukas, Ronald Bernard, Cathy O'Brien
Hell or high water. How racism kept black america from swimming.
A Global Conspiracy Revealed by an insider.
White Tic Tac UFO Halloman AFB 1971
WHITE TIC TAC UFO HALLOMAN AFB 1971
Any thoughts on this conspiracy especially its aim for China and Germany.
Terence McKenna talks "Aliens and Archetypes" - Interview from Thinking Allowed Tv Show (1990)
Geopolitics
Warning to Hong Kong, US, EU, Taiwan, SK and Japan
Waring to Hong Kong
That time the Democrats used white noise machines to drown out boos at the 2016 Democrat National Convention
911 Predictive Programming In Animated Films
Guys what do think about this place it's in the desert I heard it's a spiritists center and Aleister Crowley visited it it's in north Africa
Pure Natural Manifestation /How To Manifest Money/Wealth/Job/Joy/The Secret To Happiness
Been watching House of Cards for the first time. Noticed that Zoe Barnes lives next to a pizza place called "Nino's". In spanish, the word for "kids" is "niños". Same thing but with a little squiggly line on the second N. A detail often ignored in english. This was 2013.
How To Exit The Reincarnation System
Dueling Drills: World Powers Are Prepping For Something. By James Corbett
Armageddon (Ragnarok) is here. Jesus will explain to you wonderful Truth Seekers.
If these Israelis have nothing to be ashamed of, why are they covering their faces? Oh right, it's because the Israeli police doesn't want them to look bad. "Didn't stand to reason" my asshole.
"The Polls are Bullshit and Cannot be Trusted!"
Truth Fears No Investigation
Area 51 raid. Test for Active Denial System (ADS) ?
Jesus Saves USA: Ragnarok B!tch3s – f$&amp;k the FBI, evil Serpent
Study shows that music has become less complex, more formulaic, and requires less skills than before (Yes I know something we all sense). But interestingly the study shows that as music loses complexity our brains get used to it and actually begin to dislike complexity...MK Ultra anyone?
Swedish Municipality That Took Too Many Migrants Faces Bankruptcy
The Moon Soul Trap
911 Predictive Programming In Animated Films
Elizabeth Warren’s wealth tax is Communism, not Socialism
It turns out that Saudi Arabia is using the same tactics that Russia used to try and sway public opinion. So they helped do 9/11 and we did nothing. Now they are doing the same thing we freaked out on Russia about and we do nothing. Instead we will sell them hundreds of billions in weapons...
There are hundreds of people protesting in Russia against Putin's corruption of their elections. The opposition leader was also taken into custody. There seem to be lots of protest and civil unrest around the world. Perhaps all this unrest is the precursor for a new 'Arab Spring' or maybe Blue Beam.
The mysterious life and death of Dr Sebi, the healer who claimed to cure AIDS
Michael Moore coming out to plant a seed in the heads of voters. This is the precursor to Michelle Obama running after the upcoming presidential cycle. This is how they push ideas into the collective conscious. If dems lose next election they'll say 'Oh if we had Michelle...'
But she says she’s against the military industrial complex
Brand new video: big tech insiders speak out- release undercover footage and confidentisl documents detailing censorship
Report: California Earthquakes Disrupted HF Propagation on West Coast
Lee Camp on Mueller Hearing Bombshells
When Battlefield Surveillance Comes to Your Town - WSJ
Carbi B, City girl, ect.
What are your thoughts on this? Honestly I find it weird especially given his position to want to help.
Body Language Proves Bob Lazar Story 100%
Trump cuts funding for trafficking victims because he is a pedophile
[META] Israel's Canary Mission’s is harassing, doxxing, and attempting to economically penalize US citizens who support BDS. What if Russia, China, or Iran funded an organization that was devoted to suppressing the exposure of its criminality?
Would you join "them"?
Pizzagate Research
If the sun's rays are parallel to each other how is the width of the eclipse shadow only 150km?
Alien encounters just south of Disney World in FL
Regarding conspiracy and terrorism
Could Israel get away with mass murder and ethnic cleansing of Palestinians if it wasn't for the constant promotion of the Holocaust?
How many ancient texts knew about the abundant water under earth?
Strange difference in the "Dora" movie posters in France and in the USA...
Open and shut case, Johnson.
does pop music make you gay?
If the FBI says that conspiracy theorists are domestic terrorists, then technically wouldn't that make them and other intelligence agencies terrorist organizations?
Three Women Sentenced To 55 Years For Defying Compulsory Hijab In Iran
I was just reading an article about Facebook’s dubious practices and its potential to be taken down when suddenly the page disappeared and said ‘this article has been removed and is no longer available’. Who can tell me more?
[meta] "You're dodging the question. Why does the US send Israel money." ("Just how stupid do you think we are?")
Nixon's "Texas Oilmen" sent "Texas Oil Daughter" to say Trump is Deranged - A Mossbacher makes an appearance
Does anyone have an archived version of Jacob Wohl's Gateway Pundit story about Robert Mueller and Lorraine Parsons?
Tell me again how Tulsi Gabbard is a "deep state" CFR puppet, and Bernie Sanders is underdog?
Boris Johnson has one job in the Brexit Conspiracy, just one job.
Teacher Arrested for Asking Why the Superintendent Got a Raise, While Teachers Haven't Gotten a Raise in Years (xpost /r/videos)
A front-paged story about a 9/11 hero was removed overnight. The subject of the post itself is baffling.
DARPA Is Building a $10 Million, Open Source, Secure Voting System
I like Tulsi Gabbard but watch her eyes as she speaks. It's like she's being told what to say. I truly hope she won't be another Obama. He promised us the world and turned into a figure head for the elite.
Elon Musk creates a new part of his Boring company for China. This means Musk will be creating underground tunnel networks in the US and China. Sounds like a plan to interconnect underground bases.
With little oversight, the N.Y.P.D. has been using powerful surveillance technology on photos of children and teenagers.
Holocaust denial part 2: the electric boogaloo
The "drink 8 glasses of water a day" myth was started the same year as US water fluoridation in 1945. Strange coincidence.
Both Joe Biden and Donald Trump claimed they will cure cancer if elected....
Bombshell! Last week’s FBI “Domestic Terrorist” Conspiracy Theories Memo was Fake! No such memo exists. Tarmac &amp; 9/11 implications...
China lake/ Ridgecrest
Why haven't aliens properly made contact?
Thoughts on this?
Had a nice guy down at r/Colorization do this quick job on our favorite alien, Skinny Bob.
*put on shades* HATEYOURSELFHATEYOURSELFHATEYOURSELFDIEOUTDIEOUTDIEOUTSUBMITSUBMITSUBMITHATEYOURSELFHATEYOURSELFHATEYOURSELFDIEOUTDIEOUTDIEOUTSUBMITSUBMITSUBMIT *take off shades* *put on shades* HATEYOURSELFHATEYOURSELFHATEYOURSELF
Hand sanitizers kill 99.9% of germs so that the 0.1% will multiply and thus require you to buy more hand sanitizer
Anyone else here think Wan Hu was the first human in space? 2000 b.c.
This conspiracy theory has driven the people with Bangladesh with absolute fear. They believe the construction of the Padma Bridge requires 100,000 heads and blood of children as sacrifice.
Wow for such a privileged group Whites sure get demonised a lot to millions of people by faceless corporate newspapers
Pure, white and deadly. The sugar conspiracy.
So I MIGHT be overthinking this but this just seems a little weird. Could this pizza delivery truck being in all these Disney movies be a homage to pizzagate or something along those lines?
​​​​​​​Russiagate Fanatic Michael Isikoff’s Curious Project | Black Agenda Report
The eerie similarities between the European Union and the Soviet Union
Anybody else notice that the world has become much more violent in the past 20 years?
Chinese communist party shills on YouTube
Trump golfing costs cross 100 Million to the taxpayer as he continue to golf at his own properties at taxpayer expense.
We are all partly products of our environment. This includes what we hear and see. Because most are only ever shown what others think they should be seeing, we are surrounded by people scared to peek beyond the Overton Window. Be glad that you can see past the bullshit, it's like a mental virus.
Hong Kong protests are on every single MSM front page and , although they deserve to be, you should noticed how quickly the protests in Puerto Rico left the headlines and how the Yellow Vest protests which have lasted months have almost never been on the front pages.
They don't want you to know that it glitter...
Andrew Yang urges Americans to move to higher ground because response to climate change is ‘too late’ - Totally Unrelated: The average sales price of a luxury condo near the water in Miami this year is $3.4 million
I hate Kamala Harris
wake up
They want you to waste your life on childish video games
Wake up
Can thermite melt steel beams? 9/11 experiment
I liked a handful of Presidential nominees' Facebook pages today. FB enables everyone's page to be "liked" from search results. Everyone....except for Tulsi Gabbard. (To like her page requires two extra clicks.)
Google is now the 'Ministry of Truth' apparently
Beware, the Midwest is under surveillance by giant military balloons
The Moon and Mars
5G Measures of Control and Harm to Society?
The Moon Landing Hoax Theory Started as a Joke
How Israel censors the Internet
TIL there is an ocean inside the earth that has more water than all the oceans on the surface.
Has anyone climbed the Statue of Liberty torch?
No Accountability in Washington. The CIA Wants to Hide All Its Employees
Wtf I need to know!
I remember when I was a young child around the age of 6. Our family purchased the movie Clue on VHS. I watched it daily. Sometimes twice a day. I watched it again tonight. Just the blackmail plot alone is ridiculous and extremely potent today. Who’s coming with me?
Mars was a 'water world' far longer than originally thought, new study says. Geologists find evidence a 1,000 ft. tsunami swept over the Martian northern hemisphere following a 'massive' asteroid impact into an ocean. Water was originally thought to have disappeared nearly 1 billion years earlier.
coincident? only shows up when i try to watch The Great Hack
What is your favorite conspiracy theory?
MY FRIEND IS MISSING PLEASE SHARE
Timing?
Mysterious booms
Ad in NYC
If Trump really wanted to drain the swamp he would run as an independent in 2020. It would be a huge blow to both parties.
freemason secrets revealed!!!
Slate.com tries to whitewash Epstein as always around woman of legal age angle.
Welcome to dystopia. Under new management, same as the old management
Looking for images or clips of Conspiracies
"A UK-Based Firm is Selling a £70,000 “Zombie Fortification” Cabin" - Great marketing in today's climate but when you read the fine print: “Please note – we require medical evidence of the presence of a real zombie should you wish to claim under the 10 year anti zombie guarantee”.
Hasbara Fellowships training 700 students for pro-Israel advocacy in Israel this summer. What if Iran or Russia has summer camps to teach students how to spread propaganda on American campuses?
Request: Antarctica pyramid post
red sun radio: conspiracy chats - open discussion
Icke explaination of Pedophile rings makes so much sense, believed him before and hasn’t proved me wrong yet! BURN THEM ALL!!
A US Federal Court has ruled that WikiLeaks and Julian #Assange lawfully published the Hillary Clinton emails and found "no evidence" of collusion with Russia. The fabrications of the "free media" have dissolved into silence.
The State Of Election Oversight - a message to the current generation of activists from one who's been there (47min)
Was just watching Close Encounters of the Third Kind and noticed this hand scanner the guy in the movie uses is suspiciously similar to Bob Lazars. That movie was made in '77 long before his story. Left side is the proof pic they said surfaced recently and right is the one from the movie. Weird!
The front page of Reddit is admiring Gerald Ford right now. Does anyone remember the Magic Bullet Theory?
The RF Exposure Conspiracy
Declassified CIA Document Reveals Iraq War Had Zero Justification. This isn't news to many. Most people assumed there was an ulterior motive including myself. I'm more curious as to the real reason for the war. I've heard there was an underlining mission dealing with holy relics. Anyone else?
Violent 'Color Revolution' In Hong Kong Fails Despite Strong NYT Support
Is there a secret freight elevator beneath Jeffrey Epstein's island that descends two miles underground to a massive subterranean military complex?
Drones fired missiles into Twin Towers milliseconds before they hit?
The Truth Of The United States
The FBI conspiracy theory terrorism report claims falsely that American Jews are a """"marginalised group"""", when nothing could be any further from the truth.
Okay first time posting here and this really stood out to me... discuss
Subscribe to my YouTube channel. I upload great gaming challenges and irl challenges to. My content will interest you completely. Make sure to sub and leave a like. YouTube is Bradz Channel
When You Can't Stop Thinking About One Person | Abraham Hicks 2019
Immediately following the segment on race relations during the CNN Debates, where Don Lemon as the only person of color on the stage quizzed the candidates on how guilty they felt, CNN ran this advertisement.
Italy elite mind control bust
Is George Soros a tranny? ...Or Jeff Bezos? Is it that simple?
Propaganda
Immediately following the CNN debate portion on race relations, where a bunch of white liberals tried to out virtue signal each other, despite all living in gated communities, and sending their kids to exclusive all white private schools, Farmer's Insurance trolled their white guilt brilliantly.
I've developed a new place to discuss conspiracy theories..
Gnostics: The Original Conspiracy Theorists
Trump just resigned from the Nuclear Weapons non-proliferation treaty with Russia. There is now no major world power blocking proliferation of WMDs
I've developed a new conspiracy site..
Gang stalking
Home Depot founder attacks Bernie Sanders by asking how much Bernie has donated to charity. Forgets to mention all his charitable donations are a tax writeoff &amp; doesn't donate one more cent than the legal max donation.
There's no real discussion occurring anywhere.
The FBI Said Conspiracy Theories Like QAnon And Pizzagate Are Domestic Terrorism Threats
Rocky n Danny brown talk about aliens, etc. Read SS.
Government/Corporate Media Complex+Government/Corporate Educational Complex = Easily Divided Population
Hopefully this gets out
Note: not a conspiracy post but felt the subscribers here could help me out best.
Government/Corporate Media Complex+Government/Corporate educational complex = Easily Divided Population
Brand new video: big tech insiders speak out- release undercover footage and confidentisl documents
hmmm
TRUTH FEARS NO INVESTIGATION.
Israel Reveal Their Involvement In 9/11 Attacks
Operation: Junior Phoenix
Sumerian history, the story of ANU and the Gods
If you believe in the 9/11 no plane theory what do you think of these pictures?
A simple question about sub's, conspiracy commons?
Media silent on dismissal of DNC suit against Julian Assange
Tik Tok promoting pedophilia
They killed a mentally ill man and were mocking him all the time while they were killing him. They even mocked him after he died
Why the September 11th attacks in 2001 was not just Terrorism, but something much more sinister.
The food sold to us in stores is despicable
The concept of the crazy conspiracy theory was a CIA operation to popularise a negative buzzword that could be used to repudiate public skepticism to the Warren commission report on JFK's murder
TIL of Rick Rescorla, a security consultant for Morgan Stanley who anticipated the 9/11 attacks and implemented practice emergency evacuations every 3 months. During the attacks he managed to evacuate most of the 2,687 employees and died trying to help even more people out of the buildings.
Swedish Gummibar code thing in the comment section. Please crack the case!
Padma Bridge Human Sacrifice Conspiracy Theory
Gilroy shooter killed himself, coroner says, contradicting police
Tulsi is this election cycle's Sanders. Harris is this election cycle's Hillary
I hope nobody actually shows up to the Area 51 raid. Here's why...
Tesla Ex-Employee: Production Was A "Circus", Company May Be "Infiltrated" By Ford, Chevy, And Short Sellers
Pedophile kids show host kisses kids, audience applaudes.
Gilroy Garlic Festival shooter killed himself, coroner says, contradicting police version of events
Are we ran by lizard people?
Kamala Harris’s 3,000 year old Masonic police force
Holocaust Denial
What do you think is the most fucked up thing our government has done or doing?
As someone relatively new to being a conspiracist, what little known facts about 9/11 can I use to convince people it was an inside job
Dedication
Daily reminder that a handful of corporations control almost all of media in the United States. These corporations don't just control with 'fake news' in fact most often they use 'half truths' they will report on a small aspect of a story while ignoring any conflicting facts.
Ten years ago, damning evidence and eye-witness testimony regarding the events at Pentagon on Sept. 11th 2001 was compiled and published. As progress for the truth is now becoming FBI territory, I say it's time to review.
Tinfoil hat time...
John Dillinger's Corpse to Be Dug Up and DNA-Tested to Settle Conspiracy Theory - Is Dillinger really buried in that grave, or did the feds kill an innocent man?
Kamala Harris' arrest record being scrubbed, her comms dir. a top dog at twitter, and her buddies writing hit pieces on her main opponent Tulsi Gabbard (an anti-war veteran). It's becoming apparent that she is being pushed to the front of the pack to become Joe Biden's vice presidential choice.
I have always been skeptical of Q, but this one has me scratching my head
Question about a potentially Masonic handshake I saw in Afghanistan.
New York Area Fire Commissioner Christopher Gioia on Seeking Justice for...
Shipwrecked on Ten Islands with Clintons &amp; Branson
Rep. Ratcliffe, Trump's pick for Director of National Intelligence (DNI) is no longer being nominated due to internal resistance mostly due public pressure against his nomination.
Links between this war and our current day
The dominos of sex crimes that are possibly connected
Invite Letter from the NWO/Illuminati?
Breaking News 9/11: The Hulsey World Trade 7 report a three-year study is out Sep 11th 2019
They dont ban this sub because they dont want you going to Voat
Military is flying assault helicopters in Washington D.C., practicing for an "emerging classified flight mission". The mil often practices far in advance of operations. Could this be practice for possible unrest in D.C. coming in 2020?
Pentagon testing mass surveillance balloons across the US
George Soros Expands Influence Over US Politics. The legalized bribery of our "representatives" is the primary means the elite use to circumvent democracy.
Trump mentioned in his press conference that he could end the War in Afghanistan in a week WITHOUT using nuclear weapons but he doesn't want to kill millions of people.
True or true?
What's this all about? It popped up on my screen after going into images. It has literally never asked me to turn on device location before.
Agriculture Department suspends data collection for honeybees after Trump budget cuts.
Jeffrey Epstein Pedo Island "Temple" Decoded
Walt Disney : A Devil Or Flawed Man?
Opinions on the Joe Biden lizard conspiracy?
The wording can’t fool the woke. NYP needs to get it together.
Book about The System
People 10,000 years ago did not know anything about blаck people or whitе people.
Battle for control of Intelligence Community is on: Rep. John Ratcliffe withdraws from DNI confirmation. Deep state Rod Rosenstein and WaPo want Deputy DNI Sue M. Gordon appointed as DNI. Trump's move?
Holocaust survivor insist she saw Germans make soap and lampshades from Jews. Is she lying?
Members of the large pro-Trump community on Reddit, The_Donald, have compiled over a hundred examples of left-wing threats of violence on the social platform, including threats of violence against law enforcement, prominent media pundits, and politicians after the site censored the community.
Why isn’t this phony MeToo movement counting on Roman Polanski’s victims? Was this so called movement hijacked by politicians or is a conspiracy to divide between the genders and create more chaos?
Don’t just look at what’s being posted in /r/politics, look at WHO is posting.
Wow, Epstein was into some weird shit. Eugenics, forced insemination, cryogenics, transhumanism. Sick man!
Before WWII, Jews were 2% of the population in Germany (500K/60M Germans), yet owned ~50% of the media, were over represented in movies/theaters/literature, 70% of the country's judges, and they pushed degeneracy on the masses while also causing bank crashes.
‘5G scientists’ results on Google Vs. DuckDuckGo
What did he done this time?
Pentagon is testing high altitude surveillance balloons to "watch everything at once": "It's disturbing"
New to the subject!
Saoirse Kennedy Hill: Granddaughter of Robert F Kennedy dies
Director at Cedars-Sinai Hospital Charged With Distributing, Possessing Child Porn: DA
Does anybody have any info on the recent Hilary Clinton tapes?
Jesse Ventura was paid nearly $10 million by MSNBC to *not* speak out against the Iraq invasion. Phil Donahue was treated likewise. Who else?
They Live, We Sleep
A WARNING... From Gregory Mannarino
'This is not happening again!' 3 who survived Gilroy Garlic Festival shooting escaped Las Vegas in 2017
Epstein, the Democrats, the qanon movement and all
Now It’s time to learn to balance the blessing of knowledge: The moment when we give up the golden chain… … to dream our wings and fly beyond the time-space. It’s time to be legendary.
The FBI has gotten so lazy in their investigations they cite Wikipedia as a source. My sides!
Trevor Moore - Illuminati - This 3 minute video is all the disclosure you need to know about what is happening on this planet! The Pedophilia is being managed, the Governments are controlled, we are completely powerless! This planet is being taken over by the Draco "Goat" eats people! What big teeth
Hitler's Sublime Plan must continue until all The Judean race gets exterminated
Forget Area 51,lets raid the Vatican Secret Archives
California removes arrest record from Kamala Harris years as attorney general.
100% of press coverage of secret societies is controlled by secret societies. This is what “secret” actually means.
The Truth About What Is Happening On This Planet - The Pedophilia is just the tip of the iceberg! People are getting Dumber &amp; Fatter, The Never-Ending Wars continue, the Mainstream Media is culpable for everything since 9/11 - The Poison in the Food, Water &amp; Air - all connected - Are we Farm Animals
Pure Natural Manifestation Your TRUE “Celestial Identity” Revealed. The TRUTH About Who You Really Are!!
How does the Catholic Church get away with harming children?
Anyone know more about this Freemason group posing as Police?
Is the Moon Landing the most divisive Conspiracy of all time? What Conspiracy has you changing your mind forward and back?
SEE PROOF: Rep. Ilhan Omar’s Strange Marriage to Her Brother
AN UNDERGROUND city lies beneath Area 51 that could change the course of...
Anyone know more about this Fake free mason group posing as police?
FBI classifies conspiracy theories as a domestic threat. Are we now domestic terrorists? The FBI even created the phrase conspiracy theory...
What happened to the French Yellow Vests?
Speaking of 1984...saw this while waiting in line at Target today.
To all targets who suspect they've been targets of gang stalking.
It’s been my hobby for 6 years to understand social engagements which led me to study confidence games and social groups games. And my two most thoughtful posts have led to a recon plane circling my complex and a federal helicopter circling my phones location.
You can feel the analyst's disbelief and hear all the alarm bells they were trying to ring.
A redesign of the CA Deptt of Corrections &amp; Rehabilitation website will make it harder for voters to inspect Sen. Kamala Harris's controversial record. They removed public access to a number of reports on incarceration in CA when Harris was California's attorney general.
Democrat propagandists are promoting the talking point that all support of Tulsi Gabbard is manufactured
Guys, do you think that fentanyl crisis now has been well-designed by chinese government to mess americans up? Patriotism work well but can never win against drug addicts’ effort for drug.
Media 'wrong' on Gilroy shooter's white supremacy ideology, FBI says
(Message) to SkEAM TEAM SINCE 2000 &amp; Hassan Campbell (Willie Lynch syndrome)
Are there any updates on Assange? Is he doing better healthwise? Does he have an upcoming trial or anything?
Whats the one favorite thing you do offline that you feel actually gets people to look into your favorite conspiracy?
Why are there so many posts that have nothing to do with conspiracy theories?
My experience as a (TI) Targeted Individual with a Quasi Military Police Surveillance
Anyone else looking into these fake police associated with free masons getting charges dropped? One died directly after giving testimony that they exist in court.
Top Nixon adviser reveals the racist reason he started the 'war on drugs' decades ago
In Rumpelstiltskin, the miller's daughter can rely on the magical dwarf to help her to spin straw into gold for the king. In reality there are no magical dwarves, but there are monopolistic cartel capitalists who have found the way to make the public pay through their nose for commonplace items.
Beginning of another Arms Race?! US-Russia treaty ends, eliminating and allowing both the countries to manufacture and deploy ballistic nuclear warheads again.
Federally Funded Catholic Relief Services Paid Future Obama Ambassador $384K, CNS News, December 6 2013
The excerpt on Jesuit priest John Carroll S.J. in Appleton's Cyclopædia of American Biography Volume 1 (1887)
Leaked FBI document containing memos from the ADL (a group which lobbied to censor speech on social media) referring to “stupid Goyim nations”.
Wireless internet like 3G, 4G and 5G is destroying bee colonies.
Happens every time!
Deep state and satanism? Enlighten me please.
Trump is a bullshit-talker and the tariffs only help his pals in the industry-mafia.
Some New Conspiracies
There they go again, Freedom of Speech means nothing now. Is this another indication of what tptb want for the future of these United States of America?
How is there Antifa in Malta?
A New York Man Was Killed by a Rare Brain-Infecting Disease Spread by Ticks
Just Pope on "world youth day"
Cory Booker on Twitter: "The vicious attack on actor Jussie Smollett was an attempted modern-day lynching. I'm glad he's safe. To those in Congress who don't feel the urgency to pass our Anti-Lynching bill designating lynching as a federal hate crime -- I urge you to pay attention."
YOU ARE THE ENEMY FOR WATCHING THIS! Let's Read The FBI Document Together
Psychedelics?
The Empire Is Coming for Tulsi Gabbard
Who are the world's richest people?
Cook County Judge Michael Toomin of the Jussie Smollett case is standing by his decision to appoint a special prosecutor — who could possibly bring new criminal charges against the “Empire” actor. Smollett, 37, has been accused of faking a hate crime against himself and filing a false police report.
Stay strong guys
Twitter Removed Tulsi Gabbard as Trending with "Assad" as Twitters Communication Director is also Kamala Harris' Press Secretary
Making the historical argument that the philosopher's stone is crystal meth.
Trump put Epstein in jail because they fell out over a mansion on Palm Beach.
The Amazing Polly Does The Hard Work On The Incestuous Nature of Swamp Creatures | 33 min - well worth the watch! Big Canadian angle.
The end is near (are Democrats and Israel finally breaking up?)
Pretty sure I found a shill account?
Joan Rivers caught alive in public six months after her “death”
A conspiracy within a conspiracy?
5G isn’t only killing the Bees its killing us too, just slowly. Effects of 5G is most likely harmful as shown in this peer reviewed article!
I got a question that maybe you could guys could help me with. It's about Big Tech and something weird that happened to me. I just dont get it.
As a refresher of the JEDI program
Strange that the day after Fire Commissions of NYC come out asking for 9/11 reinvestigation, the FBI comes out as wanting to name conspiracy theorists as terrorists.
Mark Zuckerberg talking about him being a human always makes me cringe.
Billionaires Meeting in NYC to Discuss Shrinking Global Populace. Bill Gates, Rockerfeller, Soros, Ted Turner, Oprah, Bloomberg, and Others
A blueprint for neoliberal divide &amp; conquer strategy under the all-purpose guise of combating white hetero male privilege?
This is the story that couldn't be suppressed. An investigative report into a scandal that haunts the reputations of three presidents - Reagan, Bush, and Clinton.
Hundreds of Bees Drop Dead Around "5G Towers" In California
There they go again, Freedom of Speech means nothing now. Is this another indication of what tptb want for the future of these United States of America?
The Fabians, Huxley, Wells &amp; Orwell
If 9/11 were faked, WHY IN THE WORLD would most of the hijackers be Saudi?
Solving a Genocide : How to Stop a Genocide Step 4
Nasa means to deceive in Hebrew.
How the white hat takeover could lead to our planets salvation/peace on Earth
Deconstructing the Deceptive Attacks on Tulsi Gabbard
When everything is racist, nothing is racist.
jfks grandaughter found dead of suspected od(im not buyin it)
(R)epeat (O)ffender (P)rogram (E)xperiment- Deceptively Targets Individuals (Gangstalking)
How the hospital lobby derailed legislation to protect you from surprise hospital bills
So I did a bit of digging into Bernie...
Trump: “Who blew up the World Trade Center? It wasn’t the Iraqis, it was Saudi — take a look at Saudi Arabia, open the documents.”
Liberalism is the opposite of Authoritarianism, is that bad or good?
Why Some Scientists Believe the Universe Is Conscious
Tulsi is trending on Reddit, but all of the top posts about her are from r/The_Donald.
Scientists are making human monkey hybrids in China
Facebook is researching brain-interface technology that can type for you and potentially even think for you.
Body Language Analysis of Bob Lazar, who claimed to work on UFOs at secret government facilities, shows he is telling the truth according to Youtuber Derek Van Schaik
https://healthimpactnews.com/2019/childrens-hospital-los-angeles-doctor-experimenting-on-children-as-young-as-8-for-transgender-therapy. Articles actually states as young as 3.
Semi-comprehensive running list of failed and debunked Q predictions
Pentagon testing mass surveillance balloons across the US
Vice.com goes full blown Nazi
Vice.com goes full blown Nazi
The reporter who broke the story about the CIA selling Cocaine in the US had his reputation smeared, career destroyed, and was found dead from TWO gunshot wounds to the head... it was ruled a suicide
What if this is not to land on the moon but to deliver a payload to an asteroid that's just far enough away to cause too much collateral damage?
The odds of this happening twice is pretty much 0 .
Another Q prediction missed
Where Mike Pence is speaking today. The Hyatt is located at 3300 and Atlanta is on the 33rd parallel. Interesting......
California Removes Arrest Reports From Kamala Years
Just wanted to cross post. Not sure why, but i saw this i wanted some feedback from the community.
Donald Trump is attempting to sell nuclear weapons to Saudi Arabia (9/11 terrorist harborers) for personal economic gain.
Trump is selling our Nuclear secrets to terrorists just to keep his families business from going bankrupt, again.
Wikipedia is just another gatekeeper of our true history. The Bosnian Pyramids are REAL and they are 36,000 years old at least. Look at how the establishment works so hard to keep us in the dark, it's a global effort of deception!!!
If 9/11 was an inside job, how did they recruit the pilots that crashed the planes?
Gang stalking and DEW - I was an idiot
I keep seeing people endorsing Tulsi here, food for thought for you guys
Israel Removing Historic Evidence of War Crimes against Palestinians
The Google Camp get-together of well-heeled elites to discuss "climate change" is a front...
California Removes Arrest Reports From Kamala Years
The pentagon are developing talking balls of plasma that can also act as a flashbang
Project Veritas Releases New Video. EXPOSED: Political Censorship in Big Tech
The CIA killed Grant Thompson
Join The Disclousre Of Evil
They say that "History is Written by the Victors". What did the Victors write about World War 2?
Before WW2, they were 2% of the population (500K/60M Germans), yet owned ~50% of the media, 70% of all judges, over represented in movies/theaters/literature, caused bank crashes, and pushed degeneracy and decadence on the masses...
FBI says conspiracies are breeding ground for domestic terrorists. What about right wing and christian groups?
The Black Caviar Riddle
Military Industrial Complex Talking Head Josh Rogin Writes Hit Piece Against Tulsi Gabbard for the CIA's Washington Post: "You are a lying, bootlicking war propagandist, Josh. You call dissent from the CIA/CNN Syria narrative un-American, a straightforward admission that you're pushing propaganda."
Military Industrial Complex Talking Head Josh Rogin Writes Hit Post Against Tulsi Gabbard for the CIA's Washington Post: "You are a lying, bootlicking war propagandist, Josh. You call dissent from the CIA/CNN Syria narrative 'un-American', a straightforward admission that you're pushing propaganda."
Anyone else having trouble connecting to Wikileaks? For me Chrome, Firefox, and Edge give me non-bypassable security warning pages...
Police in Italy arrest 18 for ‘brainwashing, abusing, selling children’
Jeffrey Epstein Hoped to Seed Human Race With His DNA
Joe "CIA" Rogan before he sold out. Laying out the case that the moon landings were faked. This was before his **studio upgrade**
NWO and CFR
Courtney Love, Hank Harrison, LSD, the C.I.A &amp; Kurt Cobain
Pro-Paedophile Group Attempted to Infiltrate Amsterdam Pride Parade
Gang stalking is serious
Why has an investigation not been open because of the panama papers?
Saudi royals and trump
Is Bigfoot real? Cryptozoology!
Modern Tesla tower?
I’ve saw the phrase ‘dead man’s switch’ a few times and I think I understand the concept but how does this actually work?
"Overcome Stress By Visualizing It As A Greedy, Hook-Nosed Race Of Creatures" The Onion
"Overcome Stress By Visualizing It As A Greedy, Hook-Nosed Race Of Creatures" The onion
How does cyber-warfare work? Meet "Phillip Cross" who has edited Wikipedia 130,000 times always defending a particular narrative. Now imagine all the people that once they read something on Wikipedia, just close the window and accept it as established fact.
New Documents Show Corporate and Foreign Interests Seek to Influence U.S. Nuclear Policy
Epstein reportedly hoped to develop super-race of humans with his DNA - Guardian article. Surprised this hadn't been posted yet
5G towers kill hundreds of bees that flew near it
Gang stalking - They do harm people
Caffeine is an addictive stimulant drug pushed by the elites to make the average person work longer and harder without complaining
Washington Post Says Because Tulsi Gabbard Spoke The Truth About Syria, She Can't Be President.
Why does summer 2019 feel weird?
Mother rejects her 12 year old daughter and Reddit applauds. Imagine your mother abandoning you and having hundreds of neck beards feminists and other kooks and creeps celebrate it. Internet culture is raping our society
Oh no! Won’t someone think of the poor little Rothschilds!
What if the government is ready ??
How MI6 works in the USA
New FBI Document Adds "Fringe" Conspiracy Theories As Next Big Domestic Terror Threat
What Exactly is Racism?
fun picture of Biden, Castro &amp; Booker discussing strategy during debate commercial break
I want to thank the people whom have sacrificed their lives to expose the truth.
Pi - 1998. What are your thoughts on this movie?
Arpad Busson: Billionaire Businessman or Possible Child Trafficking and Pedophile Ringleader? (Sources Provided)
Believe in yourself and the universe
New rules for ordinal Democratic presidential debate: No 1-word answers or show of hands
"Ps. Do you think I'll do better playing dominos on cheese than on pasta?" What the hell does that even mean? Im new on this
1969 Apollo
Claiming something was "censored" or "removed" is the best way to get it popular
Epstein Lawyers Ask for a Year to Review a Million Pages. Prosecutors asked a judge to schedule Epstein’s trial for next June, but defense attorney Martin Weinberg said his team wanted to wait until September 2020
Trump Calls Hong Kong Protests ‘Riots,’ Adopting China Rhetoric
I wonder how the other guys feel about Nick's plagiarism, and will we see less outside contributors on the next album?
Indian Youtuber Questions Vox's intentions behind making a video using fudged and faulty data to create a certain narrative.
Pentagon testing mass surveillance balloons across the US
Recommendation to Watch ‘Missing 411’
Citizenfour (2014) - Snowden Documentary
Superhero Movies As A Means To Uncover Truths
Supposed video emerge of Hillary Clinton skinning a babies face going around the deepweb.
Weather Derivatives – How To Get Rich Betting On Temperatures
How to become a manifesting Beast
FBI, ICE Use State Driver's License Databases To Scan Photos
It seem like this should be getting more attention:
It seems like this should be getting more attention
I can't trust The Independent. It's shared on reddit frequently, and it is publicly owned by former KGB Alexander Lebedev
6.5 Magnitude Earthquake Hits Chilean Capital of Santiago - Reports
Anyone else noticed in the past weeks there’s been more news about tick bourne viruses than ever before? U.K. and US are both affected! What’s going on?
Zuckerberg’s Facebook is reportedly working on a back-door content-scanner for WhatsApp, tantamount to a wiretapping algorithm - it will scan your messages before you send them and report anything suspicious.
Twitter scrubs Tulsi Gabbard from trends during presidential debates while she’s the top searched candidate
How did LGBT get so powerful? Why is any and all criticism of LGBT - no matter how reasonable or valid - off limits?
Opening your 3rd eye is demonicly inspired
Sweden is a fkn advanced prison and I hope I can escape
FBI Labels Conspiracy Theories as a Terror Threat
They want you to go 'ALL DIGITAL'
Desperation, confidence, and arrogance in marketing/propaganda memes.
Because of Course the FBI Does...
IT IS NOT A CONSPIRACY, if it is TRUE!!! And the truth is that the US constitution was usurped as the rule of law in 1933 when the government became a war powers government using ACTS instead of amendments to grant ITSELF POWERS, which is unconstitutional!!!!
Researchers, led by scientist Juan Carlos, successfully formed a hybrid human-monkey embryo. “It is said the creature could have grown and been born, but scientists aborted the process.” That human-monkey is growing somewhere
Now Voat.co only allows you to browse the site if you're logged in • They must be suffering a lot of attacks or something to make it so people can only view the site if logged in. And they also have their DDOS protection activated too. I also see their server is down sometimes as well.
If Viruses shape biological evolution in any way. Then Vaccines cause genetic mutations.
If a theory is only a hypothesis (non-scientific) then wouldn’t that allow the FBI to label almost anyone with an idea or thought a domestic terrorist? Idk ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Gender / lgbt community is POPULATION CONTROL
Twitter now automatically bans you if you post in support of voter ID
This guy Rusty Shackleford posts drone footage of Epstein’s island almost everyday, and the videos are eerie and amazing. He didn’t post today and I really hope he isn’t finished with this.
red sun radio: conspiracy chats - resurrection of the dead &amp; ancient christianity
Just asked Siri
That human monkey is growing somewhere
Didn’t the FBI invent conspiracies??
"Every week throughout 2019, Kanye West and his Sunday Service choir have been serving up a gospel-inspired sermon and music to go along with it. They've performed several cover songs and this week reinterpreted Nirvana's "Come As You Are" during the service." What's happened to Kanye?
Is Kentucky The Most Corrupt State in the Country Trafficking Children Through Child “Protection” Services? I wonder what would happen if we looked at ALL the child protection services as a whole. Would we see more of this?
The Anti-Defamation League Is Not What It Seems
The level of research dissemination we need to follow and promote at the moment
In Sweden the voting system has been weaponized.
Jesus’s True Words have been Forcefully Misinterpreted by The Religious Institutions to Control The Public
Conspiracy Researcher 30+ Years...AMA
Still digging but I have a fun one for this sub. Epstein &amp; Paolo Zampolli both claim to have introduced Melania to Donald. Melania won a big lawsuit against Webster Tarpley for claiming she was a high end escort before her marriage. Clinton’s attended Melania/Donald wedding. See link.
My Last Two Cents
Does anyone here like dr steel?
"woke" millennial starter pack
Did anyone catch Trump’s tweet of a video of Lou Dobbs and Stuart Varney talking? Near the end of the video Varney asks Dobbs if he would abolish the Fed and he essentially says yes.
So Jeffrey Epstein created an underage sex trafficking ring that's true goal was to harvest the sperm of powerful and brilliant men
"Granddaughter of Robert F Kennedy dies" is front page news on BBC.com, CNN.com, Foxnew.com and other major news sites
its insane how accurate George Orwell described the military industrial complex "the primary aim of modern warfare is to use up the products of the machine without raising the general standard of living for citizens...."
Is Kentucky The Most Corrupt State in the Country Trafficking Children Through Child “Protection” Services?
Downed F/A-18 at Star Wars Canyon Death Valley near China Lake, California
Disturbing Report Shows Environmental Activists Killed Each Week: 'A devastating tally released Monday counts 164 environmentalists killed for their efforts in 2018. And that number is probably an underestimation.'
We need to keep this alive, this is huge and these people are brave (9/11 Truth)
[Meta] Who is winning on r/conspiracy? With all the influences around the globe that target spaces like this, who do you think is winning the battle for an objective truth?
China's Area 51 Found on Google Earth? Video in link
The biggest conspiracy is that they have been keeping the existence of the afterlife from the masses ...
California Hit With Over 80,000 Earthquakes in July
The Anarchist's Guide to Vaccine Safety
Investigate this #Qanon group....
Any book recommendations?
How do elites keep their wealth if they are provoking war?
Zodiakos (Zodiac Virgo): The Circle of Holy Animals 5/11
Jeffrey Epstein's special house. Ties with israel? Cant be.
The Book of Q
The Occult, Numerology &amp; A Lot Pointing at an Event on August 10/11th
The Occult, Numerology and a LOT Pointing at an Event on August 10/11th
YouTube disabled the ability to sort comments
Declassified FBI Document Warns “Conspiracy Theories” Are A New Domestic TERRORISM THREAT!
Kennedy granddaughter found dead of overdose
What did Michael Landon know and when did he know it?
We don’t know what we get ourselves into till it’s too late..
Another Kennedy dies
Girlfriend spoke to a Facebook Engineer's Spouse today
Epstein wanted to have 20 women pregnant at a time to "improve the human race with his DNA"
What subreddit do you think is heavily botted?
Talat Othman is KEY to Understanding WHY Republican Establishment PROTECTS Muslim Brotherhood
Over 200,000 Patriots Sign White House Petition to Declare George Soros a terrorist
Courtney Love/Hank Harrison/C.I.A/Kurt Cobain
Wikipedia' editors were paid to manipulate public perceptions.
Quick Post- 9/11 Satanic Ritual
When the FBI calls conspiracy theorists domestic terror threats just remember what they did to people like Martin Luther King Jr.
What are the chances that the sigil of Lucifer is encoded into the lunar eclipse model?
Could you live forever?
Let Tusli Gabbard be an example to you losers.
The Lords of Chos a video on how we are controlled by conforming to the society while our minds are poisoned. We need to take our minds back. But we don't have any men with courage
The CIA’s Influence Over the Media: Use of the Conspiracy Theorist Slur | The use of “conspiracy theorist” to deter citizens from investigating historic events is paradoxical, to be sure.
This whole generation naming thing needs to stop.
Declassified FBI Document Warns “Conspiracy Theories” Are A New Domestic TERRORISM THREAT!
Who do you think runs ANONYMOUS?
The Cancer Cure Cover-Up (Conspiracy Documentary) (2019)
WTF.
The current year according to the Ethiopian calendar is 2012. This year which began/will begin on September 11, 2019.
Rep. Elijah Cummings' Baltimore Home Burglarized
Progressives Say Kamala Harris Team 'Inventing Conspiracies' About Tulsi Gabbard Rather Than Addressing Critiques
Are the Apollo Astronauts hardcore Freemasons?
What do a time machine's, Yeti's and grey's have in common?
Preview of The Orgone Energy Accumulator by James DeMeo, Ph.D.
China Lake (2019 California Earthquake Epicentre) is the location of a "Crash!" Seems fishy once you look into it.
Intelligence Agencies, UFOs, and the Paranormal
Mike Baker returns to Joe Rogan. JRE #1327
Pro-Trump radio host: Trump has ‘taken control of the skies’ and eliminated chemtrails
Yet another Pedowood story. How can people not see the pattern here?
It's not make sense to give the glove to hulk when there is Thor between.
Causes one to ponder
Behold A Pale Horse. Should i get rid of it?Copyright 1991 but revised 2019. It has 434 pages. In addition, 37 pages with A BUNCH of ads in the back.
Looking for a video on Buzz Aldrin
World War 3 (WW3) was/is the war against the Middle East
Challenges Facing Apollo 11
Remember guys the FBI now says Conspiracy Theorists are now domestic terrorists. We must be pretty dam close to the truth.
What are some Conspiracy's that only you or a small amount of people are aware of?
Just witnessed a fighter jet I’ve never seen before training at low altitudes in a known training area
Petition to kick Ilhan Omar out of Congress almost complete. 256,021 Patriots signed already, see proof
Hollyweird story about brainwashing and blackamil. I wonder why the media isn't covering this story?
What are some incredibly backed up conspiracies?
Portland's Cops Are Lying about the Milkshakes
Reddit is actively helping Trump win reelection in 2020
What if we are the aliens and we're about to free the civilization we took over?
FBI is Going After Conspiracy Theorists Because They Are “uncovering real conspiracies or cover-ups involving illegal, harmful, or unconstitutional activities by government officials or leading political figures.”
All these famous people coming out of a community with less than 1500 people( under notable people)
World domination through the banking system
Pterodactyls - The Thunderbird
5 Companies own 80% of all stock in S&amp;P 500 listed companies
Tulsi Gabbard Trend Silenced by Twitter During Democratic Debate, even though she was most searched on Google
Martin Luther King Jr.'s take on Mithraism/The Cult of Mithras
The ban of this subreddit
Here is The Video of Soph Criticizing the LGBT Mafia which got her YouTube Channel w 1 Million Subs Entirely Deleted
What was the Air Force 427th special operations squadron for?
[Meta] Another moderator was removed. RIP bradok
Say what you want about kanye, but in the first 4 mins of this video he hit the nail on the head
How did Caitlin Jenner get away with murder?? How have people let him get away with that? It seems like the media has just ignored it completely
Declassified C.I.A. Documents from 2017 describe contacting inter-dimensional beings during the 1970s &amp; 1980s
The JonBenét Ramsey Circus
(Outdated) list of CIA Fronts published by Federation of American Scientists
Seems pretty accurate to me
Have you noticed how strange music videos have become?
Have you noticed how weird music videos have become?
Eritrean Refugee Charged with Murdering German Child Was Poster Boy of Swiss Integration
I had a personal encounter with Epstein one time....
When "Antisemitism" is outlawed, will the Bible be banned?
Everyone is talking about the same shit
Former Israeli Minister: "We always use the anti-Semitism trick or bring up the Holocaust (to get our way)"
Wyoming isn’t real...
Soph, Who Got Her Entire Channel 1 Million Subs, Deleted For Criticizing the LGBT Mafia Posted pic with a Gun: "YouTube Headquarters Here I Come"
Ivanka Trump 2028
Man is hacked to death with a samurai sword by Syrian migrant in a Stuttgart street as hysterical witnesses scream in vain at the attacker to stop. Passers by film but do nothing to stop the nu german engineer or dr from killing the man. Disturbing.
This my favorite conspiracy involving the FBI -- COINTELPRO
Curious on your opinions about real id
Top US Navy Seal tells commander, “We have a problem”
The War against Islam
Jeffrey Epstein's long-shot bid to get bail for child sex traffic case just got tougher because of new appeals court decision barring cushy bail deals for the wealthy - CNBC
Demonizing Islam, Muslims, and Arabs - The Grand Conspiracy
Richard Gage provides scientific arguments to support the idea 9/11 was a controlled demolition in recent presentation (November 2018)
Actual Proof NASA Lied
FBI memo warns QAnon poses potential domestic terror threat.
[Serious] People who changed the mind of conspiracy theorists, how did you do it?...The Government really does hate us don't they?
FBI document says conspiracy theories are new domestic terror threat!!!!!
How many of you have experienced a scenario where you spend years claiming something is happening, only for most people to dismiss you, then at some point that thing comes to the light and everyone acts as if you didn’t spend years trying to tell them.
They're blaming Facebook now for what the Govt has been doing, because they're planning on the future Govt takeover of social media
Exclusive: FBI document warns conspiracy theories are a new domestic terrorism threat.
Top 20 Countries by Military Spending History (1948-2019), I think China will go on the first rank in year 2030.
The great confederacy eraser has an explanation
Tulsi Gabbard: President Trump Supports al-Qaeda
My theory on Epstein - Staged arrest - TPTB flexing on blackmail victims - Fall in line or your name is on the list.
This is the work of Lu Guang a Chinese photographer who went out of his way to photograph the horrible working conditions that really exist in China but the govt doesn't let the world see. He was detained and these are some of the images from his 'dead man's switch'
Life as a conspiracy theorist
Implementing a New Goverment and Fair Regime : How to Stop Genocide Step 3
Someone is nervous
The sanders sub deleted a top comment chain calling out corrupt democrats
A theory about gang stalking...
Apparently a 10 minute comment interval wasnt enough to prevent the truth and keep the echo chambers
'The selling of an election': how private firms compromised midterms security
THE GREAT AWAKENING - “Everything is an illusion.”
There was not one question about Israel or Palestine during the Democratic debates. The Zionist Western Media is in complete control of what the people of the USA are allowed to see and hear about this critically important issue during the upcoming 2020 election campaigns.
How Joe Biden’s privatization plans helped doom Latin America and fuel the migration crisis
Timing of Epstein arrest related to 2020 Presidential election?
Meet the new Anon? "ORWELL" Whistleblower Video Leak
If y’all ever need a good podcast to listen to and you like conspiracy theories and true crime then click the link to watch the mile higher podcast on YouTube (you can also listen to on Apple podcasts or Spotify)
An extremist group tied to gang stalking targeted me...
Exclusive: FBI document warns conspiracy theories are a new domestic terrorism threat
Large study shows that febrile seizures are NOT harmless... despite what everyone assures you after your recently vac cinated baby has one
Is Reddit a Social Media Platform? A New Senate bill targets social media ‘psychological tricks’.
I think even TPTB underestimated just how addicted to smartphones humanity would become.
Washington Post Says Trump’s Favorite Food (Hamburger) Has a “Russia Connection”
2019:The End?
Were Those Mysterious Vans Going Around Low-Income Neighborhoods Collecting DNA Data for Eugenics? (Epstein)
77% increase in US Government requests for Alexa data: 1,955 requests in 6 months.
Did anyone else get this message from the Admins?
Is it true that the righteous people live in hell? And this world is meaningless for us?
David Icke was right (elites and trans humanism with AI)
Alex Jones was right about Human-Animal Hybrids
Let’s not forget Mr. X’s insight into the international child porn industry- where he mentions that CP is the ultimate weapon of blackmail &amp; the criminalization of content would lead to covert government surveillance pushing the total monitoring of citizens. - Circa February 26, 2009
Something happened in 2012
WTF?! Epstein reportedly hoped to develop "super-race" of humans with his DNA... "ambitions to use his New Mexico ranch as a base where women would be inseminated with his sperm... goal was to have 20 women at a time impregnated at his 33,000-square-foot Zorro Ranch" - WTF is this crazy story??
Joe 3030
[Meta] Reddit admins now have all the pretext they need to shut down r/conspiracy
Reddit admins now have all the pretext they need to shut down r/conspiracy
"Soph" youtube channel has been terminated
4 surprising facts about the $1 billion worth of cocaine found on a ship owned by JPMorgan.
How many times did Bill Clinton travel on the “Lolita Express”?
I'm concerned about the sudden rise of deepfake technology and what that means for the future
A Massive Setup and/or U.S. Civil War Is On The Horizon.
Twitter Silenced Tulsi Gabbard last night, kept her from trending even as she was most searched on Google
Marina Abramovic made a movie about Brazilian cult leader João de Deus who ran a child sex farm? That's wild!!!
The Tibetan Situation
Voat not down! They changed their format a bit. You now need to have an account to view it. Also, registrations are turned off! Does anyone have a login I can borrow?
Jeffrey Epstein hoped to develop super-race of humans with his DNA...
FBI Documents Want Conspiracy Theory Groups Labeled As "Domestic Terrorism." Link In Comments...
FBI Document Warns Conspiracy Theories Are A New Domestic Terrorism Threat
Crop circles?
Burgess Owens exposes the democratic party in a congressional testimony
FBI document warns conspiracy theories are a new domestic terrorism threat
What’s the story behind the Denver International Airport?
What is marijuana really?
Iran claims Saudi Arabia killed "3000+ Americans" and still gets to have nuclear weapons
Political Confessional: The Man Who Thinks The U.S. Is Better Off As A Bunch Of Separate Countries
FBI document warns conspiracy theories are a new domestic terrorism threat
Gotta love NGOs
Authorities are alarmed by Bizarre 'Temple' on Epstein's private island. Structure was not built even remotely like building plans submitted to local authorities - NBC
What are all of the factors that are negatively affecting my health, which are typically considered to be delusional hippy bullshit?
Stephen Gore and the #33: "Gore is now at the center of a civil lawsuit filed by 33 plaintiffs who learned their loved ones remains had not been used as promised for medical research."
Good news, everyone! GRABBXL's is giving away 2 KCS 🔥🤩
Raid Area 51: Would You Smash An Alien? (UNCENSORED)
Exclusive: FBI document warns conspiracy theories are a new domestic terrorism threat
FBI warns about conspiracy theories
The annual Victoria Secret show is being canceled this year and its supposedly unrelated to its CEO being named as a close partner to Jefrrey Epstein
I will leave it here then.
Mark today on your calendars as a major official step the government is taking to silence free thought and cover up truth.
Researcher who Found the Titanic Searches for the Lost Plane of A. Earhart in 1937
More weird epstein stuff/ Gangstalking, William Barr &amp; The Murder of Peaches
California is the future for America, so buckle up and enjoy the free ride in you environmental friendly Nanny State.
We could have voluntarily decided that, ‘Look, we’re gonna go into backrooms like they used to and smoke cigars and pick the candidate that way.’ - DNC attorney
FBI document warns conspiracy theories are a new domestic terrorism threat
The racism hoax continues: CNN-Robot racism? Yes, says a study showing humans' biases extend to robots
The racism hoax continues: CNN-Robot racism? Yes, says a study showing humans' biases extend to robots
Give a man a gun he can rob a Bank. Give a man a Bank he can rob the whole world.
The Long Island Serial Killer (LISK) &amp; the Epstein Situation &amp; William Barr Gangstalking
[Meta] What conspiracies have you had a change of heart on? Either for or against.
Levels of Intelligence/Consciousness
COURT DOCS CONFIRM: Kirsten Gillibrand’s Father Worked For The NXIVM Sex Cult
Trump’s New Pick for UN Ambassador was ‘Gold-Level Member’ at the Trump International Hotel
O mistério atrás dos Beatles. Vamos examinar as coincidências entre os Beatles e um dos personagem mais obscuro do 1900. (O vídeo é em Italiano, legendado em português) Deixa um comentário com a sua opinião
A fire has been burning for 4 days now at a warehouse in Parkersburg, WV that is a dump for the Chemical Giant Dow-Dupont who can't legally dispose of these materials. ABSOLUTELY ZERO NEWS COVERAGE as people are getting sick from the smoke and ash
Randy Quaid gives the greatest speech about capitalism. Say what you will about the actor, but I don't hear any of this coming from anyone else in Hollywood.
To Anyone Who Thinks That CNN Is Anti-Trump, Think Again. CNN Is Just The Heel For Donald Trump and TPTB.
Does the Devil walk amongst us? What can lead a person to do this?
NXIVM Is Not Dead': Neighbors Convinced 'Young Girls' Still Involved In Sex Cult
Honestly where tf did these videos come from? Wi-Fi was weak and when I scrolled down watching this, a bunch of these videos popped up... Never did I watch anything related to these. As you can see the videos arent even recommended. I don't even know the language
I want to hear the conspiracies you most believe to be reality.
Didn’t this happen during the last debate also?
Right... I'm supposed to believe a system is moving in two opposite directions, where the divergence is conveniently not shown on radar...
Former Nickelodeon actress Alexa Nikolas exposes Dan Schneider
Jeffrey Epstein Dreamed of 'Improving' Humanity By Impregnating a Lot of Women
Many of us were saying how how the MSM coverage of Epstein's island didn't even mention the temple. This morning, NBC News published an article all about that one locale.
Occult Numbers Help
Vaccine shill brainwashes software developers
How long do you think it'll take before they start trying to pass laws against eating meat? I feel like the recent Beyond Burger propaganda is only the beginning.
Disturbing correlation starting to emerge in regards to Pedophile accusations.
First time for everything
The Cancer Cure Cover-Up
After ~24 hours, VOAT.co is still offline. Apparently, the Deep State / Zionists really don't want you talking about Nicole Junkermann. I wonder why Nicole_Junkermann is the new name that must never be investigated? Why is Nicole Junkermann's name enough to crater VOAT?
Found at the top of /r/mildlyinteresting.
Geffen/ Kurt Cobain / new radicals, all connected
Coco Chanel posed naked for an anti semitic cartoon.
Pentagon: new laser tech can make people hear voice commands
The unholy alliance of trans exclusionary feminists and the right wing.
In 1985 the Philadelphia Police Department dropped a bomb from a helicopter killing 5 adults, 6 children, and burning down 61 houses.
Whistleblower to Be Released from Prison in October: DeHart’s case echoes the character assassination of many others who have published damning information regarding the US government and Western power structures. "The abuse of the law in DeHart’s case is obvious, shocking and wrong."
Coincidence...I think not
Where were you when we lost the twins?
China's military garrison in Hong Kong is actively practicing riot control tactics and preparing to put an end to the Hong Kong protests against extradition to China. Another Tienanmen Massacre looms on the horizon.
Hillary Clinton video?
Interested?
Congressman Has Written An Official Letter To The Navy Demanding Answers On UFOs - The letter says that the unexplained sightings could reflect emerging threats to American airspace and domestic security
IRAN CLAIMS SAUDI ARABIA KILLED OVER '3000 AMERICANS' AND STILL GETS TO 'HAVE NUCLEAR WEAPONS'
[Meta] Great job today guys honestly r/conspiracy is looking like a strong legitimate force of change and inspiration with all these fantastic text posts on the front page.
Jeffrey Epstein's bizarre blue-striped building on private island raised alarm
US 'lost' files on investigation into nuclear arms plant
‘You’re Gonna Kill Me’: Body-Cam Footage Shows Cops Mocking Dallas Man as He Dies
Gobekli Tepe. I have researched the basics of this site. Watched countless videos with Graham Hancock discussing his work with Schmidt. I'm looking to see if the community has any interesting info on Gobekli Tepe that is hard to find.
And the silencers will keep on silencing
Epic! kamala Harris Ripped to Shreds
What if the Illuminati were benevolent?
Who are the secret rulers of the world? The Vatican's hidden gold.
Inheritance inequality is the only domestic economic issue that should be talked about in debates.
Most of the comments are dismissive and angry towards this photo of a Russian protestor, for seemingly no reason other than “it’s not a big deal”
How the news censors the truth about migrant crime and Faultyculturalism
is there an alien conspiracy out there ? :D
is CNN racist?
The Army is spending half a billion dollars training soldiers to fight through various underground facilities and structures in preparation for a future was beneath metropolitan areas aka WW3 subterranean warfare.
Proof that after Youtube changed their algorithms to stop recommending conspiracies they lost a lot of money. It turns out they lost 8% of their ad revenue immediately after the ill thought decision.
Are “they” censoring videos?
eye witness of holocaust says 6 jews fit in single oven and are cremated in 15 minutes
Our educational system is no different than the circus in how they condition baby elephants that they can't break the rope holding them so they stop.
The organization of reality...
Double headed eagle displayed behind Trump was Masonic
Here is a video to watch to understand what is going on behind the scenes in power in South America.
Proof That The Alt Right Is Controlled Opposition
Trump is behind the California wildfires
Sauron is the good guy?
Walter Williams: Being A Racist Is Easy Today
The Las Vegas "Massacre" is a false flag orchestrated by Trump. They are planning something even bigger. Don't take the bait, stay calm!
Holocaust documents become available 74 years later
Any videos about symbolism in modern music/video/clothing? And pineal gland conspiracy
Is water fluoridation dangerous?
This is our new YouTube channel check it out thanks
Dear Frequentors of r/Conspiracy: How Do You Live With All That Is Hidden?
Why Facebook's Libra Cryptocurrency Can't Compete With Bitcoin
The DEA Is Blocking Weed Research, and a Federal Court Demands to Know Why. The conspiracy against weed is continuing as I type,they can’t stop the tsunami of legalization.
Scientist Debunks Her Earlier Study That Claimed Weed Causes Brain Damage. She was so full of government propaganda,that it adulterated her study into the effects of cannabis use of minors. Now she is telling the truth.
The 6 Monolithic Corporations That Control Almost Everything We Watch, Hear And Read
7 Incredibly Shocking Quotes From the Planned Parenthood Founder Margaret Sanger
A list of people who "committed" suicide or got killed
Tulsi Gabbard to Tucker Carlson: Google’s ‘Secret Algorithms’ Are Threat to Fair Elections
About to watch a film called illuminated released this year.
Beware the forum slider and learn how to spot modern internet censorship. Meant for a nasty forum but applies here as well
Get ready for PointPay IEO on VinDax
Friend of mine found this weird object earlier tonight going through some pics he took earlier that evening
Mcdonald’s workers say the ice cream machine is broke so hey don’t have to make your mcflurry
Popular r/science post about conspiracies. Possibly an attempt to discredit conspiracy theorists.
Meet the classified artificial brain being developed by US intelligence programs - IT’S SENTIENT
Reddit is sponsored or affiliated with the NBA
People who believe in conspiracy theories are also more likely to believe in pseudoscience and paranormal phenomena, according to new research, which indicate that some people appear to have a general susceptibility to believing unsubstantiated claims.
DOJ declines to prosecute James Comey on inspector general referral for leaking classified info
Jeffrey Epstein Hoped to Seed Human Race With His DNA
as each day passes the Epstein Pedo Story gets burried in more and more Meaningless news
This Is Neoliberalism ▶︎ Introducing the Invisible Ideology (Part 1)
How about a law making debates not about money &amp; profit? Presidential &amp; political debates should be hosted for the benefit of the citizens NOT MSNBC/CNN/Fox bottom line &amp; benefit of it's advertisers.
From TIL, I've never seen this. Figured some neither have some of you.
Had the coolest conversation with an older theorist today
An insane but interesting theory
It’s not an orgy if the teenagers are below consent age. Weird wording. The conspiracies are real however, &amp; horrific.
I may be being used. (transhumanism and academia)
Amethyst - Ya Wacked Out [conscious hiphop / flat earth rap]
Saw this over at /r/aliens and thought you guys would enjoy it. Very cool vid! "Saw a flying Saucer on my flight to the UK. July 10th 2019"
How it all Ties Back to Us
I found this eerie discussion forum that dates back pre 9/11
Ya okay....propaganda
red sun radio: conspiracy chats - reincarnation
What's your genuine take on Tulsi Gabbard?
Does it seem like a loooot of drug users up north (US) come from Northern Florida?
Blood Ritual
9/11 First Responder Patrick Dillon Describes Crime Scene
Before this sub devolves into a 2020 nominee circlejerk,remember one thing.All politics are rigged,both sides are playing on the same team and you ain't on that team,they hate us and will use our hard earned tax money to enrich themselves while further dividing,impoverishing,and slowly destroying us
Donald Trump, Jr. will be sitting front row at UFC Newark
solutions to world problems
When there are conspiracies all around you
The Cancer Cure Cover-Up (Conspiracy Documentary) (2019)
For Q supporters.
The Full History of the Illuminati
The Interesting Psychology of Conspiracy Theorists
What are the odds??? Mass shooting "survivors" live through two mass shootings?
Jeffery Edward Epstein = 322
Tusli Gabbard Speaks Truth about the Hypocrisy of Kamala Harris
Flashback to the DNC convention 2016 #Wikileaks
Unreal
Tulsi Gabbard Tells the Truth about the Hypocrisy of Kamala Harris
Eugenics is openly practiced for any species that it can be implemented on... Except for humans?
These “Hey! I’m new to conspiracy theories! Where are your stories/sources/links?” posts are getting out of hand. I’ve seen 4 with timestamps within two hours of each other. It appears the cleanup crew has arrived....
Is my account actually run by a terrarium full of iguanas with internet access?
Great awakening down by subject for those Questioning what’s true
Lets never forget Sinclair's script for stations
What was NASA’s official explanation for how there were no blast marks under the Apollo and for how astronauts safely got past the van allen radiation belts?
Storm Disney World and expose the secrets!
The reptilian thing.
/r/politics's straw poll on who won the Democratic debate specifically excludes Tulsi Gabbard from voting for in the poll.
Amethyst - Ya Wacked Out [flat earth rap / conscious hiphop]
The new Director of National Intelligence was Bill Browder’s Attorney.
London is becoming a literal multicultural shithole just like LA, government is putting up signs telling people not to SHIT in the STREETS. This is LONDONISTAN in 2019.
Can we talk about the debate?
DNC lawsuit against WikiLeaks dismissed, judge rules publishing stolen emails is protected by First Amendment
No fucks given
Anyone Else on This Sub Read This Headline and Think if This Actually Happens, Certain Contingents of the US Pharmaceutical Industry May MAKE SURE Americans Die from Imported Drugs...?
Social engineering and personality profiling in modern video games.
People who believe in conspiracy theories are also more likely to believe in pseudoscience and paranormal phenomena, according to new research. The findings indicate that some people appear to have a general susceptibility to believing unsubstantiated claims.
How old is 2x8?
Jeffrey Epstein wanted to impregnate groups of women at his New Mexico ranch, hoped to “seed the human race with his DNA” via NYT
Atlantis In The Desert - Journey To The Richat Structure (FULL 2019 Documentary)
People need to wake up.
Wow he is exposing so much stuff. I hope people dont overlook what is doing on with r kelly and drake
White guilt syndrome will turn America into a garbage jungle. Civil war soon.
Tulsi just exposed Hamala's history.
Whoever made these intricate crop circle patterns should be proud.
Odd youtube channel found. This seems like it could be tied to something dark regarding children and abuse or exploitation. (Links Included)
Do shapeshifting reptiles control the world? In 1982 paleontologist Russell Hall proposed the Dinosauroid Theory. He believed if Troodons survived extinction they would have evolved into a highly intelligent species. An artist created a sculpture &amp; it perfectly matches descriptions of reptilian ETs.
I sure love water vapor.
"If you go to a factory here in Michigan you will not find wall to wall immigrants, you will find wall to wall robots and machines. Immigrants are being scapegoated for issues they have nothing to do with in our economy" - Andrew Yang
Fan Conspiracy: Magnum PI was the Bad Guy
How Real Mind Control Works
What everyone forgets and we all should keep in mind: both the DNC and the RNC are literally private corporations. We have two corporations who deal in politics running the entire country.
The Metastasis of the Human Cancer, Authority
Queen elizabeth arrest
this idea is keeping me up at night
The Liberty
How Confidential/Classified Information About Aliens Is Not Disclosed to the Public
The History of the Illuminati
How Information on Aliens is Covered Up
The Death of Kendrick Johnson
Epstein got his trial date today and not a word on reddit really. You’d think it would be front page.
CNN figured it out
~ 262 Million.This Is the Number of Innocent People Murdered by Governments. Are You Anti-State Yet? - The more freedom, the greater the human security and the less the violence. Conversely, the more power governments have, the more human insecurity and violence.
Doesn't it make more sense for Nibiru to hit Saturn?
I was watching vicetv when sony head of corp comm laughed about world domination and talks ai hmmm
Israel’s Terrorists: The White Helmets Receive an Award - Global Research
*perk*
Most Packaged Cannabis Products Are Fake Claims Former CIA Profiler
Raven Rock is/was one of these Deep Underground Military Bases (DUMBs) that was built to house VIPs in case of nuclear war, or any other form of catastrophe that would ruin the govt. This is where part of the real shadow govt would be whisked away.
Kappy, Hanks, the Mandela effect and the essence of reality.
Israel is helping European countries cut their own throats. “Europe in a changing world”.
Jeffrey Epstein hoped to seed human race with his DNA by impregnating women at his ranch
Super excited about the debate! Anyone else?
Bombshell!! Ilhan Omar DEPRESSED Over Newly LEAKED FOOTAGE of her secret life
Is Obama a reptile?
According To Leaked Wilson Memo Alien Autopsy Film Is Real Says CIA Agent
Body-Cam Footage Shows Cops Mocking Dallas Man as He Dies. All Charges Dropped 3 Years Later.
Masonic history
The Information War is Over and We Have Lost. Change My Mind.
I'm meeting an astronaut and need Q&amp;A suggestions! I'm stumped!
Arizona tells US Supreme Court that the Sackler family is 'looting' money to avoid legal penalties in opioid cases.
All this and it's probably for just a headache. Remember, drug companies don't care about your health, only your money.
Of course, on the day historical where New York fire commissioners demand a proper investigation into the events of 9/11/2001, mainstream media aggregators trend a story about the death of Osama bin Laden’s son, Hamza bin Laden, hardpressing the narrative that “Islamic Terror” caused the attacks.
Hit me with your all time favourite conspiracy rabbit holes I don’t want to sleep tonight and want to expand my mind with truth.
Snopes is only seen as left wing propaganda because of the stuff right wingers believe
CNN was manually abusing youtube's copyright system to order take downs of commentators covering last night's DNC debate (resulting in 90 day livestream bans for those channels). One of CNN's VPs suggested that fair use of such content, for the purposes of news reporting or commentary, was "piracy".
Mike Baker is a former CIA warns about Deepfakes on Joe Rogan #1327
Mushroom cloud following explosion in Yemen. Is this nuclear??
My stoner friend pointed me to this strange website. If any of you have any answers to what this is?
Any recommendations
This sub is garbage now. Totally filled with paid poster. Where to go now?
Out of curiosity when do the trials for treason begin?
On twitter there is a current debate going on because Mario Lopez, of Saved by the Bell fame, said he doesn't believe that children should undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment. This belief is being fought for and against on Twitter as we speak. This is what they want us to fight over
The Challenger disaster of 1986 was another NASA hoax. All seven "killed" astronauts found alive years later, most still using the same names
Disturbing Discovery on monkey YouTube
Crazy Mandela effect: does anyone else remember his name being Epstain?
IT'S HAPPENING! Mainstream media is starting to talk about how the elites are are obsessed with transhumanism! Is this the first mention of it in the mainstream!?
Part two of Daniel Stella interview at Demand Free Speech Rally
can anyone tell where is all this African gold going?
Blogger commits suicide after families holocaust story was found to be fabricated. Why would she have to make it up?
How many coincidences become mathematically impossible?
From February: Woman who recently outed Oprah's Brazilian faith healer "John of God" for murdering teenage sex slaves and running a "baby farm" adoption operation committed suicide yesterday.
Conspiracy Theory About Today’s Reagan Recording
As above so below. On earth as it is in heaven?
79-year-old Garfield Heights woman sentenced to jail time for feeding stray cats
Luciferianism or satanism, which is it?
Skinny Bob [Full Video]
does this artwork mean anything significant? saw a video of a man visiting Museum of Pizza and there was an odd statue of an arm holding long hair that looks just like this.
Epstein’s elite British friends
Stargate of Sri Lanka
Random thought! Bear with me please
My account was mysteriously wiped, including the documents I received from my Jim Jones FOIA request. So I am posting it again.
Epstein’s giant web. Why half of Hollywood is shitting itself right now
Philadelphia Police Department dropped a bomb from a helicopter on 1985, resulting into he death of death of 5 adults, 6 children, and the destruction of 61 homes.
CNN is so afraid of people hearing Bernie Sanders speak that they intentionally made it difficult to watch the second Democratic debate after it aired live (IMO)
is this CGI or Real? [Full video]
Conspiracies in 2019
Epstein Planned To Seed Human Race With His DNA By Impregnating Scores Of Women In New Mexico
The overton window is the concept of 'acceptable' range of ideas in public discourse. We have to do what we can as a truth seeking community to logically look at evidence and not get caught up in left/right paradigm or racial bullshit
Was Epstein trying to create a baby farm on his New Mexico ranch like the 'John of God faith healer' was accused of having?
Was Adam Yauch Murdered ( Beastie Boys)?
Who are the 4 families mentioned by Q in his post #15?
8th Grade U.S. History Teacher needing help teaching a conspiracy club...
Getting Apollo To The Moon: A Step By Step Guide
cia blocks astral projection?
Public Library Deletes Pictures Of Drag Queens Fondling Children At Story Hour
Alleged picture of Valerie Jarrett and John Podesta
The pope is a pedophile
BatteryIncluded / Rowan Forest and the Wikipedia community for their role in helping Trump and Brexit
Wondering if there's anything suspicious about how you hear the elite cabal who run the world is into these heritage bloodlines. Seems to be the opposite how the politically correct mainstream entertainment media in movies shows racial diversity with every culture included or you're racist.
Question to Who Believes That "Vaccinations" Will Prevent Illnesses From Happening
Campaign Money
What happened to declas wednesday?
Punishable By Fine = Legal For The Wealthy
Do you think the truth about 9/11 and other false flags will be fully exposed to the public ?
Epstein hoped to seed the human race with his DNA
Jeffrey Epstein got sweetheart plea deal after becoming an FBI informant under who else but Bob Mueller in 2008, government records reveal
Everything Cops Say About Amazon's Ring Is Scripted or Approved by Ring
Osama bin Laden may have been dead before the 2011 raid, but we will never know because most of the SEAL Team 6/'bin Laden raid' team died to a 'lucky shot' from an RPG a few months later
Is 5G Safe? A video the phone companies don't want you to see. "The Truth Will Set You 5GEE"
Question how many of you feel psychic?
The pope is a pedophile
Corporations and Collapse?
The top of the conspiracy pyramid.
Hi! I am looking for vintage food owners/vintage food enthusiasts! If you know anyone, please send it their way! If you are one please apply! If you think you might be one but aren't sure, still email us your story! We want to hear from everyone; although this is US based/US centric :)
ATTENTION, Today Teens Think This Is the Only Way.
Couldn't get this out of my head after reading so many conspiracy theories.
Those lying animators
Organ harvesting in the US.
Proof of Ancient Antarcticans and God's Holy Punishment
Officials Say Osama bin Laden Son and Successor Dead
San Luis Obispo police chief accused of coverup over stolen gun
Jeffrey Epstein: Building Big Brother
Downtown Los Angeles
"The reality of how money is created today differs from the description found in some economics textbooks"
Remember to donate at least $1 to candidates you’d like to see in the next debate
Ingraham: The great Pelosi crack-up
"well it's a trick, we always use it"
Feds lower interest rates for first time since 2008.
Did you know that in 1922 the mayor of NYC gave a speech about the secret powers that control our, and every, governement. This is for those who believe the US or any other nation has a uniquely corrupt system today. Power hungry sociopaths have always run civilization. Here's proof.
Did you know that in 1922 the mayor of NYC gave a speech about the secret powers that control our, and every, governement. This is for those who believe the US or any other nation has a uniquely corrupt system today. Power hungry sociopaths have always run civilization. Here's proof.
Gang stalking is not about psychological treatment
Google employee resigns over "Project Dragonfly" A censored search engine being designed for china that enables state surveillance.
DEREK BROES | THE GLOBAL WITNESS
Right-wing outlets tout post-debate Drudge poll that 4chan users had gamed
The MH-17 False Flag Problem for Ukraine - They Can't Defend Against The Fact That The Recordings The FSB Produced Were Studio Created
New Whistleblower Allegation: YouTube Manipulated ‘Federal Reserve’ Search Results in Response to MSNBC Host’s Complaint
Don't bite the Apple
The Guardian news article says mental health experts are being pressured by trans activists and are afraid to speak out because they'd be labeled transphobes for airing reasonable concerns. The Guardian is immediately cancelled on twitter for being transphobic
Something Strange is Happening. Reddit had an Outage and a series earthquakes around the world within a a couple of hours all above 4.0. including El Salvador, Brazil, Greece, Vanuatu Islands, and Ridgecrest, CA which is near Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake. That's twice this Month!
Ladies and gentleman, if you would please buckle your seatbelts as we approach the Proton belt, there may be some spiritual ascension, or some war, just sit back and enjoy the ride.
Downtown Los Angeles
Something Strange is Happening. There have been many earthquakes around the world within a a couple of hours all above 4.0. including El Salvador, Brazil, Greece, Vanuatu Islands, and Ridgecrest, CA which is near Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake. That's twice this has happened within a month.
Why does Barrack Obama's Twitter account follow so many throwaway bot accounts? Anyone have a reasonable answer for this?
Major CASE Act Copyright Legislation Passed by Senate Judiciary Committee
Send a Tip Links Search 500 K 1 M Major CASE Act Copyright Legislation Passed by Senate Judiciary Committee
Joe Rogan edited audio version of podcast, proof in links.
BILL COOPER Explains Everything
Rusty Shackleford dropped a Google drive link with a bunch of pictures and videos of Little St. James Island
Shots fired at Mammoth Cave over an alleged bigfoot sighting
Naomi Campbell's Birthday Party(Bombshell Jeffrey Epstein Information)
Jewish control is not a conspiracy, its something far more terrifying
Magick exists according to CIA doc
The top image is a fictitious weather report imagining what the weather would be like in 2050 for a 2014 French TV documentary about climate change. The bottom image is the real weather report from last week
Something Strange is Happening. There have been many earthquakes around the world within a a couple of hours all above 4.0. Reddit also went down in some of those regions including Ridgecrest, CA which is near Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake. That's twice this has happened within a month.
Something Strange is Happening. There have been many earthquakes around the world within a a couple of hours all above 4.0. Reddit also went down in some of those regions including Ridgecrest, CA which is near Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake. That's twice this has happened within a month.
Portland Cream Doughnut
Tisha B’Av 2019
Theory: The "Border Convergence" or "10-day siege on El Paso" is ACTUALLY a Russian or 4Chan plot.
Of course he was - FBI informant since 2008 - Jeffery Epstein
Upvotes, Downvotes, and Accounts are regularly bought and sold. Nothing is organic.
NASA acting weird in CA
How is a major party candidate pointing out "dark psychic forces" fueling hatred and chaos not the top post?
What is project blue beam and will it happen?
"Another Manson murder? Debra Tate, victim's sister, fights to reopen probe into 1969 suspicious death".. And this is why I rarely accept the "Official Version" of anything.
Bill Cooper Explains Everything
2 shills in a thread about the FBI member that got suicided for investigating the clintons. Stay aware everyone, they’re everywhere.
May be of interest here
Jeffrey Epstein Deep Ties to Leon Black Gave Him Access to inner sanctum of Apollo Global Management - Bloomberg. Fall Black?
A missing story from 9-11.
Bob Lazar Debunked. Censored from r/ufos
Highlights from muellers testimony
Isaac Kappy's last turkish bath video with child slaves...could be the interior of Epstein's temple on his private island?
Trump says if he is elected: "you will find out who really knocked down the World Trade Center." "It wasn't the Iraqis," he explained. "You may find it's the Saudis."
Does this look familiar to anyone? A Clockwork Orange (1971) - Stanley Kubrick
XRWEB_REWARD_BOT
Spot the difference
Snopes is an unregistered superpac that functions as a democrat spin machine
The evaluation theory is a lie conspired a long time ago by the Freemasons and all known early human fossils are fake they used a network of anthropologist and biologist to make and find them ,they hate people and want to make them feel that their existence and life is accidental and meaningless.
Bill in Custody? Where’s Hillary? Both Obama’s unfollowed Hill-dawg earlier this week... something big about to go down!
On the topic of the Church and Children
Those Missing Trillions, and the Fed: The GAO report on the Fed's Quantitative Easing uncovered a secret $16 trillion feeding tube structured as revolving, low-cost loans to any bank (foreign or domestic) teetering on the edge. The loans started in December 2007 and lasted until at least July 2010.
People who believe the No Planes theory of 9/11 ...
CIA Successfully Pressured Michael Bay to Change Benghazi Movie: The documents do not provide any specifics on what they changed or removed from the script
Alleged 9/11 Mastermind Could Blow Saudi Role Wide Open in Lawsuit Testimony: Khalid Sheikh Mohammed's crucial testimony could fill in key details, but it's unclear if Trump, who is close to the leaders of Saudi Arabia, would allow a plea deal for Mohammed to give evidence.
Is Alex Jones working with the govermnt
Secret texts cast light on UK's early role in Trump-Russia inquiry: Secret McCabe Texts With MI-5 Counterpart Emerge, Spotlighting UK's Early Role In 'Russiagate'
Twitter ‘removes’ 30,000 likes from a viral anti Richard Branson tweet.
A User’s Experience with Stephen Paddock the Las Vegas Shooter and a very strong case of the motive being Revenge
I few weeks ago Court orders Jeffrey Epstein-related documents to be made public. are they allready released?
What happened to the tryfg mystery?
Scientists Get the Green Light to Create Human-Animal Hybrids in Japan
How a Group of Pro-Israel Activists Blacklisted MintPress on Wikipedia: For over 10 years Wikipedia has been a key focus of right-leaning, pro-Israel groups that have weaponized the online encyclopedia as a way to control the narrative when it comes to Israel’s long military occupation of Palestine.
Map of ufo sighting for last century. Very interesting!!!
MeAsLeS iS DEADLY vAcCiNaTe YoUr CrOtChFrUiT
Meghan Markle’s Pregnant Belly Changed Shaped Drastically Even WhilevShecWas Attending an Event: Alien Love Child or Poorly Executed Deception?
[DECLAS] Today?
Gordon from Those Conspiracy Guys podcast has defrauded his listeners of $40,000 and seems to have gotten away with it
Meh, on JR, but, Bravo! on Robert Sapolsky! 50% WORLD WIDE ON Toxoplasma gondii? Holy crap.
Pedo Pope
speak truth to power
Blow the top off of this: Ex-CIA burns the elite in front of public counsil
Sorry if this has been shared here recently, but I found this exclusive article about Epstein. It has a video of his Florida house. Pay attention to the details. I found some interesting pictures during the walkthrough. Pretty sure the Pope John and Bill and Hill too.
Former Federal Prosecutor on Mueller: 'He Clearly Did Not Run This Investigation'
'The Healthcare Industry Will Be Advertising Tonight': Sanders Calls Out CNN for Airing Pharma Commercials During 2020 Debate — "If Medicare for All was on trial, the entire corporate media would have to recuse itself for a y-u-g-e conflict of interest."
Possible new trygf info
Freemason Royal Ritual
An LAPD officer accidentally filmed himself putting cocaine in a suspect’s wallet
Jesuit Magazine: The Catholic Case for Communism
Facebook actively developing 'brain-computer interfaces' - will use brain activity for advertising purposes
'The Healthcare Industry Will Be Advertising Tonight': Sanders Calls Out CNN for Airing Pharma Commercials During 2020 Debate — "If Medicare for All was on trial, the entire corporate media would have to recuse itself for a y-u-g-e conflict of interest."
Antisemetic is a term used to prevent discussion and questioning of authority.
Darwinian Evolution is wrong. Here is why.
US Soccer Issues Results of Internal Audit on Gender Pay Gap- finds Women Earned More Than Men
Porn isn't a conspiracy. "No-fap" meme is the real conspiracy and here's why.
Jeffery Epstein messages about 'procuring two 8-year-old girls for the pedophile to sexually abuse'
Your Phone is Listening to you
There is a conspiracy to shame people who perform charitable acts.
Fire Commissioners DEMAND New 9/11 Investigation, Citing ‘Overwhelming Evidence of Explosives’
Your Phone is Listening you
ITT: Reddit licks the boots of an officer unable to deescalate a situation involving an elderly woman refusing to sign a traffic ticket.
Does this look familiar to anyone? A Clockwork Orange (1971)
My bet this won’t be the only 1930’s era bank robber exhumed.
The fed is about to cut interest rates, which shows their fear the we could be headed towards an economic downturn. Or this could be done to jolt the markets on purpose. Pretty convenient to mess with global markets a year before an election.
Elizabeth Warren sure seems to have gotten more time at the Democratic debates than anyone else. Has anyone noticed that?
Tape with Nixon-Reagan conversation that was previously edited has been unredacted and shows the extreme racism of both men. Reagan calls people from African countries 'monkeys...uncomfortable wearing shoes' Nixon calls them 'cannibals'
For those that like hints of ancient cultures beyond the mainstream.
"Florida Trooper had sex with a 14 year old girl in the back of his car"
China orders that Arabic signs and Muslim symbols be taken down. This is their attempt to change history. They want no trace of Muslims in their country so that in the future when they've all been killed they can pretend they never existed. Just like the Tienanmen Massacre.
The Manson Murders, JFK, 9/11, and the Psychopathy of Power
Friend just found a set of keys in the park. They have tomorrow's date engraved on the chain, and GPS coordinates!
Anyone know of a good vaccine debate video?
Questions about election manipulation
Is it just me or is this photo creepy as hell? Obviously is a news report on the highlighted guy dying in a helicopter crash, which is sad. But look at their faces! Am I the only one who sees a bunch of demons?!
United States” to Imperial America: Our Hidden Empire, an Abby Martin Interview
Elijah Cummings ALSO called Baltimore "drug infested"
Are we really projecting our own actions?
Facebook is making progress on its mind reading headset
rise up Sub-Saharan Africa
The real reason Boris Johnson pushes for a no-deal Brexit
Simulation Evidence - Drug Dealer with $200 million stash hits 2 parked police cars in Sydney, AUS
just like Big Oil and Big Media ..... Now there are only '5' native Search Engines LEFT !!
UNESCO Its Purpose and Philosophy
Hey mossad agents!
Who is aware of the eugenics conspiracy and how it is connected to the UN?
19 Powerful Frequency Tones At Once | Achieve Astral Projection ✚ 5 Planetary Frequencies | 8D Audio.
Despite stating end to end encryption WhatsApps data is still accessible and can be picked up by algorithms
Trump Exposes 9-11 Plot 19 Months Before Attack ... https://youtu.be/_DJLynmSbOI
Oh god, not you too costanza...
What did he done this time?
“They’re throwing around words like treason”
Wanted to mention a few quality documentaries I’ve seen in the last couple months.
CHANI PROJECT introduction and the FUSE YEAR
Illuminati discussion
I won the lottery, I never believed I was ever going to win
Compare Joe Rogan's mentions of Operation Northwoods to Operation Mockingbird
An idea I have about the "SAVE" and "RESET" mechanics in games, but most commonly associated with the game Undertale.
Join The Disclousre Of Evil
Popular Asian Live Streamer Gets Exposed to Be an Average Middle Age Woman When Her Live DeepFakes Filter Glitches Out
BREAKING: NY Fire Commissioners call for new investigation into 9/11 attacks citing overwhelming evidence of explosives ... Trump has always known a stated immediately, “ I happen to think they not only had planes but had bombs exploding almost simultaneously.” https://youtu.be/N7IWnjrFLWM
Ghislane Maxwell charity shutdown and being investigated by FBI
We’re all dead.
How old is the Sphinx? Seems to incur a barrage of “peusdoscience” and not “conspiracy theory” name calling nowadays.
Uhh.. Is this photoshopped?
Starbucks is behind the death of CCD owner VG Siddhartha
This is infuriating
Rosie VS Trump feud a hoax she’s so Sarah Sanders
HRC backing influencers trying to censor and shame journalists who cover M Williamson objectively despite her being either first or second place in most debate polls
1930 Gangster John Dillinger is being brought back from the grave!
Government by Blackmail: Jeffrey Epstein, Roy Cohn and the Dark Secrets of the Reagan Era
submission post
Phones listen to everything
Look into Naomi Campbell's island and her billionaire boyfriend (just me or island look like baby w Umbilical cord) eye of horus
Chinese millitary and police force is lined up on The HK border. White House monitoring the situation.
CNN &amp; Youtube so far not reposting Democratic Debate video from Detroit. Is corporate worried about perception and that Bernie got the most donations of any candidate in history after it aired live?
"Ex" CIA Officer Mike Baker's PSA to the public: "Beware of Deep Fake videos"
The Illuminati: The Philosophy Of Illuminism By Manly P. Hall 4/5
Meet the guy who edits a THIRD of WIKIPEDIA. one of the planets most influential men...an opera singing, stay home with mum n dad guy. Next time your given a wikipedia article to back up a contrasting part of an argument then ask yourself if this ONE person can be biased on...anything.
red sun radio: conspiracy chats - moon anomalies pt. 2
Fuck it
Lady Gaga opens up about her encounter with the "Illuminati"
Professor quits job after beliving Darwin's theories. What is your opinion on the matter?
Human Organ Trafficking potential solution
How is no one talking about China’s concentration/labor camps for Muslims!?
The "conspiracy theory" paradigm
I quit
If you think the elites are pushing socialism/communism, you have fallen for the elite's propaganda
Is there a way to find OC on YouTube?
The End Of Human Liberty.
Are recent and current events and facts being rewritten.
Facebook.
Area 51 I WANT TO BELIEVE
NATO and Afghan forces kill more civilians than the Taliban
Nato and Afghan forces kill more civilians than the Taliban
Immediately After Bernie Sanders was finished ranting about insurance companies and they went to a commercial break, Farmer's insurance ran this clown themed commercial.
This Land-podcast
Youtube Removed 1k likes from comment on jerry epstien’s video. This comment had 1.3k likes yesterday, it was also Never edited!?!
Sams and Amazon?
Are UFO sightings real. If so, why are ufos here?
[meta] Something big about to break?
Could the US be behind the civil unrest in China?
Overcoming the Rapture
Facebook Pushing “Necessity” For Use of Mobile App?
how the racist democracts are selling human organs in the debate
Bill Clinton was arrested????
Mass Mind Control: There's a Reason It's Called 'TV Programming' - by POPULAR mainstream ARTISTS..
John McAfee and his wife hole up in an aluminum foil-covered 'secure facility' after fleeing to Lithuania
Bill Cooper Interviewed On Nardwuar Radio - Vancouver, BC | Feb 26,1993
Who remembers the Debbie Wasserman Schultz IT scandal? Whatever happened to the Awan Brothers?
Maybe.... just maybe.
In that order, I was browsing.
My theory on the REAL danger of porn
Body of 1930s gangster John Dillinger to be exhumed at family's request
Mueller's First Cousin (once removed) Probably Helped Plan the JFK Assassination
Who remembers, was or knows of phone freakers?
Left wing journalists are sympathetic to communists. They lie about events in order to warp reality. This is a great breakdown of how it works.
Anyone watching the DNC debate right now? Buttigieg had a pimple on his forehead since the beginning of the debate, GONE now. JUST like Gabbard!!!
Trump aide submitted drafts of 2016 'America First' energy speech to UAE for edits, emails show
Judge dismisses DNC suit against Trump campaign, Russia over email hack
Probably not as heavy a topic as you guys usually get in this thread, but what does everyone know about Disney’s self sabotage of the movie Treasure Planet?
Federal judge dismisses DNC hacking lawsuit against Trump campaign
Is this CGI or Real?
Marianne Williamson Debate.
Ed Butowsky on the ongoing Seth Rich controversy. Interviewed 28 July by Joe Lauria, Consortium News
Disturbing Report Shows Environmental Activists Killed Each Week: 'A devastating tally released Monday counts 164 environmentalists killed for their efforts in 2018. And that number is probably an underestimation.'
Apollo 11 installed an experiment on the Moon that is still working today. They placed a glass prism array,on surface,so observatories on earth could fire lasers to measure distance of moon from earth. If true this proves we went to moon.
I'm telling you! The dog and the man are working together!
New bodycam video of Youtube software engineer going on an lsd fueled rampage
Disturbing Report Shows Environmental Activists Killed Each Week: 'A devastating tally released Monday counts 164 environmentalists killed for their efforts in 2018. And that number is probably an underestimation.'
What are your favourite Youtube channels that focus on Conspiracies?
My Experience with Stephen Paddock the Las Vegas Shooter and a very strong case of the motive being Revenge
Epstein may have been trafficking and abusing children as young as 8 years old, based on phone messages from MC2 modeling agent Jean-Luc Brunel, who suggested he had 2x8 years old non-blonde for him
Red Cross
Whistleblower Video - PART 1
Another boring example of googles bias
Wait, why didn’t she mention Bill Clinton too?
Anti-vaxxers are also anti-autistic children. They are willing to let their child die a painful, disease ridden death then actually try as a parent and help there child, should they be diagnosed. They are the ones that need to wake up. Stop using mentally ill children as a scapegoat.
Facebook Actively &amp; Openly Spying
I told my mom about Qanon and now she thinks I'm in a cult
My government is trying to torture me
Hospitals Squeal Like Stuck Pigs Over Trump Proposal to Force Disclosure of Insurance Company Discounts | naked capitalism. Yves Smith. Quotes WSJ, CNBC,
It doesn’t matter if your democrat, republican, square, circle, green, red, Christian, Jewish, gay, or straight, citizens United is the number one ruling that created the oligarchy we currently live in. Moving to overturn it is a step in the right direction
New York Area Fire Commissioners Make History, Call for New 9/11 Investigation: “We’re a tight-knit community and we never forget our fallen brothers and sisters. You better believe that when the entire fire service of New York State is on board, we will be an unstoppable force.”— Commissioner Gioia
Muslim woman verbally attacks lesbian woman at London pride
Simulation Conspiracy
My computer just woke itself up...
The Vril Energy. Recently came across this movie at a friends, surprisingly I said its like zombies, then i remembered the video in the SS. Too many weird things.
TIL:. Singer/actor/activist Paul Robeson ("Old Man River" singer), was subjected to involuntary MK Ultra experiments.
What is Jeffery Epsteins Relationship with Nestest? A teacher Training Company (National Evaluation Series)
More insight into the ether
City government lies about water being safe to drink, violates EPA Safe Drinking Water Act
What are we being distracted from?
Disturbing Report Shows Environmental Activists Killed Each Week: 'A devastating tally released Monday counts 164 environmentalists killed for their efforts in 2018. And that number is probably an underestimation.'
Unify or die
I know some of you guys have been paying attention to this story. New details are out.
Black Dahlia Murder &amp; Conspiracy
Hikers experience electric shocks on Colorado 14ers over the weekend
Overstock CEO says FBI encouraged him to have a sexual relationship with Russian spy Maria Butina
A NASA aircraft that was spotted over California could have been scanning the notorious San Andreas Fault
The Five Eyes.
Joe Rogan Podcast #1255 with Alex Jones blocked??
Imanuel Velilovsky was right about our solar system changing recently
I just tried to put a link post up about how drug companies conspire to keep generic drugs out of consumers hands. Making all of us pay up to 90% more for our medicine. In California 4 companies have to pay 79 million dollars cause they are cheaters. I wonder why my original never made it onto page.
Don't forget the Georgia legislator who lied and said a man told her to go back where she came from. Only for the guy to come back and stand up to her lies. Turns out he is Cuban, anti-Trump, and only called her a spoiled bitch after she yelled at him.
What word was this columbia university perfessor trying to hide as it slipped his tongue while talking about the purge in Saudi Arabia. Around the 1:40 mark.
9/11 Controlled Demolition Theory
A former Nickelodeon child star just posted this on Instagram
Drug makers to pay $70 million over deals to keep cheap generics off the market. California will get nearly $70 million from pharmaceutical companies that allegedly cut illegal deals to keep affordable generic drugs off the market, shielding pricey brand-name products from competition.
Listen to Truth Seekers!
JAY CAMPBELL | TOT REVOLUTION | THE LAST STAND
If you were in a famous Grunge band from the 90's, there's a good chance you're dead
Jordan, R-Ohio, grilled Mueller on Capitol Hill Wednesday, accusing him of selective prosecution methods and promising Attorney General Bill Barr would get to the truth.
Did you know while everyone argued politics in 2017 the Navy started quietly patenting UFO tech by warning the patent office that China was working on similar tech
Ex-tech worker arrested for Capital One hack after stealing data from over 100 million customers
City government lied about water testing, violates the EPA Safe Drinking Water Act
You’re aware this ends in genocide right?
Reminder: an Israeli dual-citizen is now in charge of the NSA.
The Media's Well-Documented History of Nefarious Control
Spotted this truck and about 5 others driving together in Nevada, is it possible that this has to do with Area 51? Weren’t marked at all
Some of the best even knew way back then
Notice an increase in unmarked, standard license plated Police in Virginia. They don't have the "L" or "Official Government Use" plates. Rarely pull people over but always making a presence.
"The reality of how money is created today differs from the description found in some economics textbooks"
Cybercash, as imagined in 1998 (x-post from /r/Bitcoin)
Shipwrecked on Ten Islands with Clintons &amp; Branson
Does anyone have the photo of the soldier or riot cop that was surrounded and getting beaten by an LGBT crowd?
"Rare Black Supermoon Is Coming on Wednesday" - Why are we seeing more special moons in 2019?
Annexes, Covens, Cults in Cities
Bulk of Trump's U.S. farm aid to compensate for the traffic war goes to biggest and wealthiest farmers - why isn't this considered socialism?
Revealed: Mueller Didn’t Interview Russiagate Originator
Friendly warning: DECLAS starts Wednesday. May want to lock your doors.
Alexa/Amazon reporting from Modern MKUltra experiment
Civil War: A Recipe
Robert Reich: Where Your Tax Dollars Really Go
Does Body Language Prove Bob Lazar Actually Worked On Alien Spacecraft At Area 51?
You have been lied to about ethnicity and intelligence
Esptein's Island (red check point) is very close to Haiti. Haiti is known for its high amount of human trafficing. Epstein's possible supply chain.
Esptein's Island (red check point) is very close to Haiti, is that where he could've got the kids from?
Watch as ISIS and Al-Nusra Smuggle Money into Syria Using Vehicles with Red Cross Logos - Global Research
This video is a lesson on how the media often ignores facts and are often filled with incompetent people. BUT!!! It's also a lesson to all of us in the general public that we too often take what we hear from sources and take it as truth... do you fact check every website, article, &amp; video you see?
A Massive U.S. Drug Price-Fixing Probe Has Hit Major Roadblocks Authorities have called it one of the biggest cases of corporate collusion in history, costing patients billions of dollars.
I've always wondered what happended to the public's donations, looks like the Red Cross just hands it over?
DHS issues a hacking security warning for all newer small planes, warns of hackers being able to take control over the airplane after only 5 minutes of physical access to it, and tell pilots to make sure they lock their doors until they can find a solution. WTF?
Help me
Does anyone here have more information about David Hasselhoff's leading his fringe group to help bring about a new rise to a nationalistic German party?
FBI fights release of a document forwarded to FBI from DOS extremely critical of the dirty dossier claim of a link between Alpha bank and Trump, saying releasing it would "aid and assist terrorists"
Saudia Arabia have more ties to more terrorists in south Florida according to the united states government on 9/26/2001
Antifa was foretold in the book of Revelation as "Antipas"
Dr Zahi Hawass disputed about Bosnian Pyramids by his egyptian colleagues
NYPOST Article describes Jeffrey Epstein as 5’10 240 pounds while his arrest record shows him as 6’0 180. Is that really him in the cell?
Ben Affleck Randomly Gets Extremely Defensive on the Topic of Islam
Today is the World Day Against Human Trafficking!
WORLD DAY AGAINST HUMAN TRAFFICKING
School in the UK changing child's gender in the school registry without consent of the parents.
Why is child abuse so, seemingly, prominent among the elite?
Where to focus attention and apply pressure in the Epstein case
Senate fails to stop arms sales to Saudi. Democrats and Republicans both choosing money over innocent children in Yemen while propping up one of the most oppressive regimes in the modern world.
Currently Working on Pedogate Master List with Sources, Sections, Links, Citations. I am starting by going down the list posted on 4chan earlier in the week. Starting with Dan Schneider, especially his time at Nickelodeon, if you have any info please post/link it here
Where to focus attention on the Epstein case
Extensive research into Zorro Ranch in New Mexico. Epstein and Sun Spot Observatory.
Autistic People are Alien-Human Hybrids
Trump tags QAnon account in calling for voter ID law
Some people (Q) claims that Trump has taken care of the issue of Chemtrails - Have any American seen any changes?
‎Attempts to frame Alex Jones with cp would have failed miserably. Here's why.
Multiple UFOs Shakopee original
Let’s make one thing clear...
'Clinton Body Counts' MORE TROUBLE FOR CLINTON AS RUSSIAN BOT EXPOSES ELECTION FRAUD... AMERICANS ARE ANGRY 😡 - Political Reviews
Eminem won't help Free A$AP!
BREAKING: Shooting At Walmart Leaves At Least Two People Dead
COMPLETE GUIDE TO DARK WEB{SECRETS REVELED}
If a 16 year old has a right to abortion, how does she not have a right to consensual sex?
Atomic Clock discrepancies
The conflation of anti-Zionism with anti-Semitism is a bit of rhetorical sleight-of-hand that depends on treating Israel as the embodiment of the Jewish people everywhere..it’s entirely possible to oppose Jewish ethno-nationalism without being a bigot
Is there a community related to conspiracies that one can do something about?
Sad Trump is more vocal than Skrillex. Not sure who has better connections other than bobby duquette. Bob would save A$AP while SKRLX stays silent.
Do hydroelectric plants make any sense whatsoever?
History was made this month - NY Fire Commissioners Call for New 9/11 Investigation, Citing 'Overwhelming Evidence of Explosives'
How americans are still clueless
House passes amendment ordering Pentagon to review whether U.S. experimented with weaponizing ticks
"Crisis in the world's fisheries 90% Collapsed" with "Chinese mega trawlers stripping the ocean floor".
No quid pro quo here folks.
Link to the interview of a CIA operative on bin laden raid?
United Nations proposed replacement migration for European countries and others.
I think my pizza from Domino's is trying to tell us something
UK rape-claim woman held in Cyprus for "public mischief"
Roger Stone ran Al Sharpton's 2004 Presidential Campaign.
2016 all over again – DNC boots Yang from debates. Two party tyranny and illusion of choice to continue as usual
Participate or die.
Fox is about to have her on a lot more
Post got removed from front page after I mentioned pizzagate in my edit. Reddit is actively changing the narrative
USA citizens were so dumb to think they should attack anything because 2 towers fell. What anger about it was beneficial?
Human-animal hybrids to be developed in Japan
What ever happened with VP Pence on July 2nd?
My channel is barely controversial, but Youtube is still throttling it. Thought you all might like it
Anthony NGO's GoFundMe almost at 200K
Esoteric Agenda - Understanding the Enemy
Was the moon landing fake?
What the hell is the Google Camp in Sicily?
Lawyer Questions If Epstein Was The Target Of An Assassination Attempt By Powerful Friend
Obama administration placed immigrant children with human traffickers
9/11 investigation?
The Catholic Case for Communism
Accused 9/11 mastermind open to testimony against Saudi Arabia
Porn is how your Biological existence is every bit of artwork telling you how to bone to make kids other than the anal stuff.
Does anyone else think this whole raid 51 thing is a complete distraction?
"Voat is being attacked Bigly!"
But is a giant hot magicians assistant?
Israel is the Organ Trafficking Capital of the World
They can't stop all of us
Robert David Steele (Former CIA Spy and Marine) on Zionism, the Middle East and Central Banks
Authorities have called it one of the biggest cases of corporate collusion in history, costing patients billions of dollars
People who sold their privacy for a $5 gift card...
Deutschebank, Derivatives, and Dominos: The global financial system simply cannot afford for Deutsche Bank to fail, and right now it is literally melting down right in front of our eyes. If the fraud is as bad as it looks, then it's time to give these people a cell next to Mr. Epstein.
Vaccines are incredibly profitable, don't let anyone tell you otherwise
Story of a forceful replacement by a double. Thoughts?
"Democrat candidates told the moderators to refrain from questions such as healthcare for illegals where they had to raise their hand"
Paul is dead ‘documentary’ removed?
In your opinion; which Conspiracy Theorists are for real are who are complete Dis-info Agents/shills? Side question: who is your favourite Conspiracy Theorist?
Rashida Tlaib SHUTS DOWN Jake Tapper's Concern Trolling Of BDS
Phone went NUTS after a certain tragic date was mentioned....
Explain this flat-earthers
Brazilian government loosens pesticides regulation. Brazil is a huge agricultural products exporter.
Accused 9/11 mastermind open to testimony against Saudi Arabia
Violence Has Spiked in Africa Since the Military Founded AFRICOM; Experts say the connection between AFRICOM and growing unrest is not a coincidence: “The sharp increase in terrorist incidents in Africa underscores the fact that the Pentagon’s overly militarized approach has been a dismal failure.”
Google has integrated an airport body scanner into your phone
If the ruling elite want to depopulate the Earth to preserve the environment, why are they killing so many environmentalists?
Zero is not the Zero you think it is. Zero is a placeholder. It is a fence around an idea or matter. You have a lot of zero which means you have a lot of something. In the world of binary zero has the power like a dam holding all flow. Zero might be your hero.
(From the Corbett Report): The Information War is Over and We Have Lost. Change My Mind.
Did you know that less than a week after 9/11 Osama bin Laden DENIED involvement in the attack?
Ohio bails out failing nuclear power plants
A thought on the Elites and Global Warming
Porn is fucking up our brains. More addictive than meth, exploiting the highest dopamine release activity possible - meant for reproduction - by commercialising it and associating it with idiosyncrasies (fetishism) has serious social and psychological consequences.
The ruling class and wealthy are not panicked about climate change, poverty, or disease because they already have a means of surviving the oncoming devastation. We are being culled.
Yet another New York police officer dead of apparent 'suicide'.
People just chilling after being shot at the garlic festival
samijalla833@gmail.com
NYPOST article describes Epstein as being “ 5’10 and 240 pounds” is that actually him in the cell?
The Great Flood - Crust Displacement From Comet Impact in Antarctica
Big Corporations attack on Earth's atmosphere: THE GLOBAL CONSPIRACY
Snopes makes second attempt to deplatform satire site The Babylon Bee for “fake news”.
ACLJ Obtains Obama DOJ’s Immunity Agreements with Hillary Clinton Lawyers Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson to “Dispose” of Evidence and Refuse to Comply with Federal Law
Surely It's a Coincidence That a Firm Tied to a Russian Oligarch Is Pouring Millions Into Kentucky
Can anyone confirm this? I don’t have twitter
Garlic Festival shooter influenced by white supremacist propaganda circulating in online forums to groom new members
The real conspiracy theory, that conspiracy theories are rarely real, are stupid, and uttered by the crazy chemtrailists and flat earthers.
Co-Author of SB 277 &amp; SB 276 Brings Norovirus to Public Ceremony
Katy Perry
( Marker)Active shooter drills Weds @the Cruise terminal (Nola.com warning) in New Orleans
Leaders/coincidence?
Epstein and the 2020 Election
Zionists favorite past time: torturing children and sucking the adrenolutin out of their pineal glands to get high
Russian official accuses US of stealing Syrian oil to fund militants - 'Sabotage!’
Don't let the media fool you, there are sex offender MPs and VIPs who are escaping justice
The Illusion of Truth
Pornography is fucking up our brains. Exploiting the highest dopamine release activity possible, meant for reproduction, commercialising it and associating it with idiosyncracies (fetishism) has direct social and psychological repercussions.
On theories like flat earth.
1 in 2 American Adults is Already in the FBI’s Facial Recognition Database
Human Beings are Definantly not capable of Conspiracy.
Murdered Former Senator Linda Collins-Smith had tweeted this and it's no longer on her twitter account.Her ex husband retired circuit court Judge Philip Smith had child pornagraphy on his computer.
How come after I down-vote shit it keeps coming up even after I selected "DON'T SHOW DOWNVOTED SHIT" in my Preferences?
What could 12 mini-mart type stores all have in common? Being a front for money laundering, but doing so while ominously setting up shop in a suburban neighborhood, all next to eachother?
The government knows the Earth is flat, but won't tell us because gloves make up 12.2 percent of the global economy
Only video I could find of slimeball Epstein talking
Angels Trumpets?
She had info that would lead to the arrest of Hillary Clinton.A tweet from former Senator Linda Collins-Smith I found on facebook.I'm from Pocahontas,Ar so I know people who are very close to this case.
"If it were true, someone in the CIA would have spoken out" TBH, idk if i believe this CIA guy. he also said hillary's a pedophile. Thoughts?
Why did Jeffrey Epstein, after being forthcoming, plead the fifth when asked "Have you ever socialized with Donald Trump in the presence of females under the age of 18?"?
Largest conspiracy on this subreddit is the fact that biggest conspiracy going on right now is barely mentioned here
Killing me off by 32/33
How the USA became the world's suckers on immigration...
Dershowitz thinks the fact that he kept his underwear on is exonerating. Actually, it's *more* incriminating.
True Depth of the Equifax Breach ⋆ Austin Happy Hours Daily
The effect social media has. Not exactly a conspiracy, but very valid to today’s world.
Fact or Fiction?
Check this video out for some hard truthbombs on Epstein - Trump and the whole show
5G really DOES kill bees! Video evidence included
Is there like a plot against Netflix or something going on?
5G REALLY DOES KILLS BEES, VIDEO EVIDENCE INCLUDED
Murder, judges &amp; child pornography are built into the foundation of American Politics. These disclosures are going to get a lot worse before they get better. Everyone should prepare themselves if they don’t know &amp; be a friend to the masses if they do. It’s bad.
TRIVIA: Who's tie is this? If you guessed Tony Podesta, I could understand why, but you would be wrong. #SymbolicLinks
Hollywood &amp; Top Gun pushes Chinese Communist Party propaganda
Jeffrey Epstein is in danger of being murdered before his trial says victims' lawyer, who says that one of his powerful friends in danger of being exposed arranged the hit on him that was reported a suicide attempt.
Has anyone else noticed a change in the world in May of 2019? As if the world has turned around or we have collided with an alternate reality? As if we are not the same and the way that earth lives is not the same as it has been, previously to May of 2019. Please leave a response we need help.
red sun radio: conspiracy chats - open discussion
The Breitbart Toe Tag (True Crime) Conspiracy theory becomes fact.
Female UFC fighter pissed at Joe Rogan and Dana White for saying she has a d1ck
This sub has just become news.
In 2017, reports of Zika Mosquitos released in Florida. Now EEEV.
Race war in the US, the elimination of the constitution and the implementation of a police state
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed
Google Insider, Greg Coppola , Talks Political Bias at Google On Tucker Carlson
The Untold Story of Christian Zionism's Rise to Power in the United States
I realize mintpressnews.com doesn't have the best reputation but this article is very interesting and seems to be well researched.
Are these possibly connected?
Divide &amp; conquer: The video that Democrats do not want blacks &amp; latino’s to see.
"ex Jesuit" Bob Kaiser involved in Kennedy cover up while at Time magazine
The secrets of the Garden of Eden, Tree of Life, alchemist transmutation, and the pyramids. All exposed right here. (non-religious)
"Graphic" Content: One of the victims of the Gilroy Garlic Festival shooting in Northern California can be seen laying in the back of this white truck covered in blood. Others can be heard crying and moaning.
The Great Hack downplays the fact that our phones are actually listening to us.
Is the Big One Coming? Internet on Edge as NASA Aircraft Surveys California
What are your thoughts on the theory that many women in hollywood are transsexual?
Tulsi Gabbard says her Google lawsuit should highlight 'unchecked power' of tech 'monopolies'
New AI Can Identify Anonymous Individuals Online
When is Epstein's trial date scheduled?
i have a question that makes this place the best place to ask
Obama Deleted Hillary Clinton Related Tweets as Wikileaks Vows To Send her to Jail
End Times: Lucifer Decoded Part 6. Illuminati Deity Moloch Symbolism Exposed
The moon
Scorched Earth: Propaganda (WWII Documentary)
Guy thinks Diana Ross is Michael Jackson's mother.
Does anyone else feel like there is a general low vibe among everyone at the moment?
Cult of Venus -The Female Illuminati Sisterhood of Death- Michael Tsarion
John McAfee tweets jailhouse photoshoot
Love or hate the Mueller investigation at least it helped lead to the arrest of this pedo
The New World Order Agenda Explained
MSM stretch but this was a random news post in my google news. Anyone have anything to add
Meditation can save the world
What is everyone’s opinion on green electrical boxes? If I have one in my front lawn am I being exposed to anything dangerous?
Victim’s Lawyer Thinks Jeffrey Epstein Will Be Murdered Before Trial
I believe that the universe is predetermined
One of the injured from last night's Garlic Festival Shooting. Initial reports have identified the injured man as 33 year old Sum Ting Wong.
Anthony Sutton: Anyone Familiar?
Short Deep State Sci Fi Story - Pregnant Jim By Lucy Marie Maund....Hello
Bill Cooper Mystery Babylon - whom of you have listened to the 41 part - 1 hour each segment in total?
PizzaGate Breaking News
Looking to create a Pedogate Master List as well as an overall Epstein timeline/Master List to be posted or stickied to the r/Conspiracy main page. I want to have sections and sources so that people can easily start their own research. Let's crowdsource our knowledge
[META] Step 1: stop buying electronic devices. It requires we mine the everliving shit out of the planet. It not the digging up &amp; burning things that cause harm. Also... sterilize yourself. Don’t procreate. More humans = More pollution.
Discussion: If you could know the absolute truth about just one conspiracy theory/unknown what would you choose?
Albert pike was a Freemason and Confederate general, allegedly was also leader of the Illuminati at the time. Mentioned in the first Joe Rogan and Alex Jones podcast.
With the recent spotlight being shown once again on the Hollywood Pedophile Elite. Here Quentin Tarantino defends convicted child rapist Roman Polanski.
James Quarles, white hair and glasses, taps his eye toward the end of this questioning. Did he have an itch or some deep state shit?
3 of the last 8 posts after my last post are about Jewish people.
Gold and silver are breaking out...this is the start of the great depression
Orthodox Jewish woman named cybersecurity chief for US spy agency
Please don't forget.
The Century of the Self - Part 4: "Eight People Sipping Wine in Kettering"
Listen and let me know your thoughts. Post here, or call me or on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, by voice message on anchor or at wellerrpodcast@gmail.com
A little red book with a broken spine.
The Illuminati been summering on the same Island in Chesapeake Bay since the early 1920s.
Unconfirmed MSM graphing of Jewish employees. Fox has the least lolol
The Jesuit ties to armaments maker Lockheed Martin
Unconfirmed MSM break down of Jewish employees. Someone can check before pls
Climate change is UN-led hoax to create 'new world order' – Australian PM's adviser — RT World News
Divide and Conquer
Ruling Elite Lolita Pedos Will Never Be Revealed
The Party or the Purse? Unequal Representation in the US Senate
Gandhara scroll
Netflix makes everything gay
George Soros openly admitting he feels no guilt helping Nazis during ww2
Sky hawk: epstein = toe tag
Phil Schneider: Need-To-Know Executive Order?
Elon Musk's NeuraLink Offers Man Merging Their Brains With AI Interfaces **Christian Subject Matter involved, so be cautious for if you do not share the same faith or beliefs, still welcome to comment on the AI subject matter, however**
An idea: r/ the.Donald was banned to push rhetoric into the conspiracy subs, so r/ conspiracy would be banned. Coincides with Google's search results for the sub!
Stargate. Psychics and aliens are real.
The guy on the left abused young boys. The guy on the right is the father of Epstein's "madam" (child procuror).
A video from YouTube two months ago that named Santino William Legan as another “white males who have gone on shooting rampages”
Prisoner number 429: Kim Dong-chul's three-year detention in North Korea
(Question) why doesnt the government build a lot more houses to combat the housing crisis?
FBI Whistleblower Coleen Rowley looks at the Mueller Report. She's not a fan of Robert Mueller. Peter Principle in action. Sycophant. Glorified errand boy.
Sandy Hook Choir Sings at Super Bowl
"Podesta's sex parties where young women were provided for the towns elite." -Post from 2013
Everything you communicate electronically is stored and analyzed by Israel. This includes all computers, business and military, as well as the power grids in all countries.
Dershowitz Responds After 1997 ‘Statutory Rape Is an Outdated Concept’ Op-Ed Resurfaces
Noticed how they’re pushing an Epstein is in danger agenda?
1 Very Simple Way to Show Whether Bob Lazar Is/Was Lying
Protests against AIPAC
we’ve all been voluntarily bugged
Diplomatic Mail Smuggling?
Border Patrol Detained a 9-Year-Old American Girl on Her Way to School for 32 Hours — It didn't matter that she had her U.S. passport with her.
Less than two weeks after 9/11 some of the hijackers were found alive and well having no involvement. They spoke out against having their identities blamed on the attack
Warmonger Henry Kissinger and others are now pushing the AI controlled dystopia we all fear
I believe there is a conspiracy to keep the novel Brave New World from being made into a new film.
The Assassination of Robert and John F. Kennedy (Exposing the Perpetrators)
The Assassination of Robert and John F. Kennedy (Exposing the Perpetrators)
Man makes high-profile allegations of sexual abuse and murder, involving MPs, generals and senior figures in the intelligence services. Now the UK State Broadcaster is smearing him as a "Liar, fraudster and paedophile" and he's sentenced to 18 YEARS in prison.
French academic: Create a Muslim state within France to avoid civil war
Lawmaker says she was warned to back off Jeffrey Epstein case: ‘Little girl, you don’t know what you’re getting into’
What is this strange "temple" on Jeffrey Epstein's island? Is there any information about this?
A Few Disturbing Biden Family Facts
Music Video displaying we are all puppets of the government
AUT cancelled a Tiananmen Square anniversary event after Chinese Government officials contacted the university to tell them not to go ahead with the commemorations.
My parents filmed this as “proof” of a phenomenon they have been recently experiencing: they believe they are communicating with their recently deceased friend through a light in their bathroom ceiling
Man makes high-profile allegations of sexual abuse and murder, involving MPs, generals and senior figures in the intelligence services. Now the UK State Broadcaster is smearing him as a "Liar, fraudster and paedophile" and he's sentenced to 18 YEARS in prison.
The United States US Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction, allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!” Trump said after the announcement.
Woman who accused Indian politician of rape hit by truck after father dies in police station
Ghisalaine maxwell devil mask
TIL when Rockstar first released Grand Theft Auto, they actually paid reviewers to negatively review the game in order to keep it controversial, and therefore popular. They targeted right wing news papers to ensure moral outrage and drive the game to success.
Who here thinks Epstein is going to "die" ?
(ROPE) a Gangstalking program funded by DOJ to Target Individuals (Open ...
France is still investigating MH370
CERN Conspiracies
Big Pharma pays $70 million for delaying drug rollouts to keep prices high
So how do the 2020 presidential candiates feel about Israel?
Murdered Arkansas State Senator Told Sources She Found Child Pornography From Foster Kids On Judge Ex-Husband’s Computer Days Before She Died
Meet Danielle Stella: The Trump Loving Republic Running Against llhan Omar
Jeffrey Epstein is in danger of being murdered before his trial says victims' lawyer, who says that one of his powerful friends in danger of being exposed arranged the hit on him that was reported a suicide attempt.
The Breitbart Toe Tag DOCUMENTARY (The truth about Andrew Breitbart and Michael Cormier's deaths)
Buzzfeed made a video on why people fall for conspiracies
The government changed the term of UFO to AAT, Advanced Aerospace Threat
Every political thread that reaches this sub's front page has comments claiming "Trumpers have taken over the sub!". Yet, those comments are always upvoted into double digits. So what does that say about who is really using vote brigades to influence this subreddit?
Violence Has Spiked in Africa Since the Military Founded AFRICOM, Pentagon Study Finds
WHO DO YOU WORSHIP? | WAKE UP | TIME TO FLY (PART 4)
Michael Savage on San Francisco: 'Junkies Shoot up in Front of Children'
Parallax, an interesting take on the current state of our world trough the eyes of an alien civilisation
Were the Jews of the Old Testament black?
There's a Conspiracy to Lie to Promote War in Yemen
Don't believe your family elders is the new propaganda. The people who have the chance of most wisdom &amp; experience might be misleading you according to Buzzfeed. I'll take my chances.
Those who believe in white genocide: What is the point?
Planes gone missing
4 reasons I believe it's FBI Gangstalking &amp; Targeting Individuals
Border Patrol Detained a 9-Year-Old American Girl on Her Way to School for 32 Hours
Bush/Kerry Skull and Bones Avoidance
Bree Olson says she doesn't think there's anything wrong with porn. However, she says, the way people treat you after you are involved with it isn't worth it
A 666 related to RFK's assassination
"Manhunt continues for Canadian teens suspected of murder". Dad of one of them says his son is a very good person.
My first conspiracy theroy I'm sorry if you don't enjoy
⚪င်းခေါဏ်လိုင်မဥ၏င်းလအ⚪အလင်း၏ဥမင်လိုဏ်ခေါင်း⚪
2020 Predators In Plain Sight
The Johnny Gosch, Gannongate connection. You guys are gonna love this one
Is this a UFO? My friend showed this to me and told me it was a UFO? Anyone who can verify or deny?
Is The Storming Of AREA 51 Just The Beginning?
It doesn't matter if global warming is real or not.
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
This is where cancer comes from: More than 70% of America’s packaged food supply is ultra-processed, the fourth and final group of foods, that are are “industrial formulations” derived from hydrogenated fats and modified starch, and are synthesized in laboratories
Lets talk more about why Baltimore, and other American cities, are such shit holes shall we?
Alan Dershowitz, Devil’s Advocate: The noted lawyer’s long, controversial career—and the accusations against him.
Not a new conspiracy theory, but interesting video highlighting how it is starting to become more mainstream knowledge.
Why are the Elites covering up the existence of Hollow Earth and the lands beyond the Antarctic Ice Wall?
Another study shows that autism is mainly genetic. Antivaxers exposed.
The franklin case.
Russia’s General Staff claims US private military companies plunder Syrian oil facilities
An invitation to the garlic festival was made on /pol/ on Saturday
Cybersecurity Lessons from Working with the Ecuadorian Government
Reddit Notifications
Trump's Pedophiles 2
What the hell is up with this weird video?
What happened to the flood of Flat Earth posts?
How they faked the moon mission and kept it a secret.
Is The Storming Of AREA 51 Just The Beginning?
Area 51 "Storm," Project Firesign, and EPSTEIN.. oh my!
Vatican support for accused priests
Flight log and photos from Epstein party in 2002.
Reminder: Since JFK's assassination, Americans that don't believe Oswald acted alone have been in the majority
A draft? Up coming war? Any insights on this?
My local police’s new program to pull over and “reward” good drivers with coupons for obeying traffic laws with pedestrians l.
Why does are the Elites covering up the existence of Hollow Earth and the lands beyond the Antarctic Ice Wall?
This belongs here. Crossposted for you to see.
At least one worker a month dies in an Amazon facility in the US.
Attorney General Declass Starts Rolling Out This Wednesday -- Joe diGenova | It's FBI, DOJ pants pissy time.
Tanks Guarding A Crashed UFOs In Antarctica - Real or Fake?
Ed Butowsky lawsuit concerns Seth Rich, Sy Hersh. Hersh has clammed up to protect his sources after Butowsky secretly taped a conversation with Hersh, and released it to the public.
Do they make more from a live baby that one who's dead?
MoA - 737 MAX Ruder Control Does Not Meet Safety Guidelines. Moon of Alabama.
Trump's pick for Director of National Intelligence, John Ratcliffe, was partner at former AG John Ashcroft's Law Firm from 2009-2014.
What Major Industries are Overrepresented by Anglo-Saxons, Jews or Other Groups? Facts Only
$12K A Day: How White Liberals Profit From Pushing ‘White Privilege’ Social Engineering
Men in Small Hats
Baba Vaga didn’t predict the future with her presidential prediction.
Global Warming, Ancient Aliens, and AI
Trump's pick for Director of National Intelligence, John Ratcliffe, was partner at former AG John Ashcroft's Law Firm from 2009-2014.
Long time lurker first time poster
Massive DDOS attack targets website over this thread
Movie posters
Iowa Activist Takes 9/11 Truth to 17 Presidential Candidates, Several of Them Highly Receptive
Thoughts
Hollywood Movies and Predictive Programming
trygf this time?
Pamphlet Anon accidentally logs into 8-Chan Q account on livestream
Crisis Actors at the Gilroy Shooting? Some details don't seem right. Take a look at the video and see if you notice anything strange like the where the blood is at and NOT at on both ladies, holding on to a bloody cloth and a full cup of Bud Light, Glasses perfectly placed on the head.
'No One Will Hurt You,' a SWAT Officer Promised an Hour After Houston Cops Killed a Couple Falsely Accused of Selling Heroin
Vatican and Aliens
Putin opponent Navalny may have been targeted with 'toxic agent': doctor
What do we do when the NWO/one world government is actually implemented?
US Economic Warfare and Likely Foreign Defenses – by Michael Hudson • 23 July 2019
Scientific study proves that consumption of fluoridated water improves memory and decreases risk of osteoporosis
Subway chicken has only 50% real chicken,the rest is fillers. The fillers give us cancer. Another conspiracy exposed.
Bongino says Trump must not relent in battle over Baltimore
The Earth is NOT a Spinning Globe
2020 Predators In Plain Sight
THE GREAT DECEPTION | ILLUSION OF CONFUSION | BREAK THE MATRIX
MOTHER TERESA'S FORMER ASSISTANT KILLED IN A BAR BRAWL IN WALES - Was he talking?
Ok, so I was wondering about Hanks. I remember the 2 pics people were talking about with Kappy (the glove and the van).
The Zionist Mainstream Media Conspiracy to subvert US elections: When MSNBC Zionist and legal analyst Mimi Rocah said that Bernie Sanders “made [her] skin crawl,” though she “can’t even identify for you what exactly it is,” she was overtly expressing the anti-Sanders bias that pervades the network.
Video shows 5G masts possibly kills bees.
Recent Rape case involving elected Member of Legislative Assembly
Area 51 public raid is a perfect opportunity
Exposed.
This is a real Brazilian Schoolbook for Little Children that was going to be distributed to Brazilian schools under the left-wing government.
That didn't take long! Soon as Garlic Gunman Name Released, Heavy has a full 5-point bio on Santino William Legan!
Criticizing abnormal and inconsistent MSM coverage on Trump topics != supporting Trump or any fringe group of Trump fanatics.
Man From Future Warns People About Raiding Area 51
A Mosquito-Born Illness That Causes Brain Swelling Found In Florida
The players behind the conspiracy to overthrow Turkey
Is DuckDuckGo really safe? (Some evidence it may not)
Scrambled words?
Yesterday's Shooting was 666 days after the 1 October Vegas Shooting
A Few More Crazy Days &amp; Nights (CDAN) Blinds from last year
Archon Death Trick | Walking in the Spirit
Area 51 I WANT TO BELIEVE
While President, Obama said no one could interfere with our elections and mocked Trump. He also mocked Romney during that debates too when Romney said Russia was a geopolitical foe... and since the Trump's victory, now all this concern about Russia??
The secret plot to turn your future babies into homosexuals
I cam across an odd youtube channel...
#JustLetItHappen A Winning Strategy: Sit Back And Watch The Tranny Sports Agenda Implode Via The Complete Destruction Of Women's Sports
What do you think is behind Obama's silence in these Primaries and his lack of endorsement??
The news isn’t reporting he is half Iranian
"Very strange UFO over Cuba." While researching a UFO video in Casper, stumbled across this one. Very cool!
Is Massimo Mazzucco's moon landing documentary streaming anywhere free yet?
Einstein’s Original Intuitions Were Right - The Universe is Not Expanding
The gays did 911
Robert Fisk: From Nazi Germany to Ottoman Turkey, genocides begin far from prying eyes. Revises the start of the Armenian genocide to December 1914. The Independent.
I have a feeling that there may be some payoffs going on here. (similar to the FDA and opioid epidemic?)
Joe Biden strikes again
Gilroy Garlic Festival Shooting: What We Know So Far
Banks face $1.2 billion civil lawsuit over rigging currency markets
I came across this image years ago. I basically sums up our critics who have no counter arguments regarding our theories,especially those who simply down vote but not say any comments.
Shooting last night was clearly a false flag gone wrong
The war on Antifa is coming say Trump!
The shills are coming on r/conspiracy in full force now
President Obama answers a question on Donald Trump's claims of a rigged election.
List of all Exposed Pedophile Rings and Cases
"Casper Wyoming sighting" Amazing footage of a fleet of UFO's. I'm hoping more videos emerge today.
FBI was in 'chaos' on 9/11 because its unit that dealt with terrorist attacks was away in California for a training exercise
Can someone explain this hand gesture and why it's on Boston's red/green line stop?
Site Administrator for Silk Road Sentenced to 6 and a Half Years in Prison
The Bible Violates The Community Guidelines For YouTube's Hate Speech Subsection (Specifically Leviticus 20:13) How long before it is banned? What will the fallout be?
Bohemian Grove 2019 Vampire Encampment comes to a close with a ritual killing at a Garlic Festival.
Democratic debates and Elections coming up = MSM gun violence incoming!!
Jim Acosta Refuses to Defend Free Press &amp; Julian Assange (FULL)
XRWEB_REWARD_BOT
Jew World Order
What is facial recognition - and how sinister is it?
Trump's national security chief resigned after the White House repeatedly suppressed his warnings about Russian interference, New York Times reports
No Apologies for Truth!
Democrat Baltimore Mayor Confirms Trump's Comments: "Oh My God, You Can Smell The Rats, Dead Animals." I wonder why the MSM hasn't labeled the the Mayor a racist.
US Government collaborates with corrupt Brazilian Government to prevent Glenn Greenwald's Children from seeing dying grandma
Mark Zuckerberg on LSD when speaking with congress
🌏🅸🅽🆂🅸🅳🅴 🅴🅰🆁🆃🅷🌏
Remember the Goal!
How to Spot False Debunking, Trolling or Disinfo Techniques | 25 Rules of Disinformation, Propaganda, “PSYOPS”, Debunking Techniques
Pizzagate 5 nights of fredy
Do _not_ impede progress :)
Priests adopting boys to abuse
Gilroy Garlic Festival shooting victim's father: “Five minutes later they told me he was dead.”
CHILD PROTECTIVE SERVICES CALLED ON HOMESTEADER
Department of Defense rolls out its plans for 5G - Will it be military based?
I stumbled across something very strange..
"pedophillia" is a conspiracy in itself to eventually control sex, and this subreddit is being targeted by the ones pushing the artificial ideology
"American Pravda: John McCain, Jeffrey Epstein, and Pizzagate" by Ron Unz.
(ROPE) a Gangstalking program funded by DOJ to Target Individuals
The Politics of Obedience
None dare call it conspiracy...
Sounds about white. #garlicfestival
YouTube is putting up ads on videos that deny the genocide on white farmers in South Africa which by the way barely any media had covered. Most of the most media is trying to censor any news about this genocide while YouTube puts up ads that deny its existence: https://youtu.be/ONQukwNWN2U
There are a bunch of celebrities buying stakes or creating water brands and I think there is a chance there will be a huge water shortage in the near future.
Israel seems to know something about Jeffrey Epstein
Black and white image but only the lines are coloured.
Youtube is burying search results negative to muslims and putting Women travelers at risk - a frank travel vlog on harassment of women in Kashmir is now hidden when you search for it.
60 Years OF DONALD TRUMP Predictive Programming
D.A.R.E. Was a Bigger Failure Than Most People Realized
Alexey Navalny hospitalized with suspected poisoning - called it a year ago.
Spectacular meteor shower set to light up skies tonight - Delta Aquariids
HRC seemingly scrubbed from Bo, EW, BS, Oprah etc Twitter accounts,
Roswell and mk ultra....
A plethora of videos from tonight's shooting in California can be seen here in this thread. Don't wait for the mainstream media to set the narrative for you. Critically gather the information yourself and come to your own conclusions without media bias.
More video of victims from today's shooting in California, in a moving truck??
Is Youtube endangering women travellers by censoring the truth about muslim countries? Video with lots of views about sexual harassment of non-muslim women in Kashmir doesn't appear in search results.
A victim in tonight's shooting, lying in the bed of a pick up truck.
forum for free thinking, huh? then why are the sources "internet, durr." i can find trump x shrek fanfiction on the internet, doesn't mean it's real. we need some serious sources on this sub. (see linked post)
Okay so hear me out, when they said the world was gonna end in 2012 there was panic for nothing cuz nothing happend BUT now the word spreads that the world will end in 2021 so what if 2012 was a government stunt to keep us calm now, you know to prepare us for the real apocalypse
Zodiakos (Zodiac Leo): The Circle of Holy Animals 4/11
Obama and underaged girl whose parents are friends with James Alefantis, owner of Comet Pizza, with evidence suggesting there's something more to it.
Is it not weird that Anonymous has gone completely silent in one of the most chaotic political climates we’ve ever faced?
Why all the hate for Jews?
Californication: Everything major is planned in advance
Concerning photo of 44 with 11 year old Wendy, connected to Alefantis w 3 ring circus comment by her parents; link to Epstein's ways?
Mueller admits no obstruction of investigation occurred, TJDS featuring Aaron Mate
All declassified Area 51 docs by CIA compiled in one list.
Pedophile wars: Mother Theresa vs. Jeff Epstein. Who wins?
I know phones listen but why is it pushing my convos to reddit
Racism is getting out of control.
Supposed time traveler from the year 6000. What do you guys think?
The_Donald mods censoring post about Chinese shipping subsidies. After repeated attempts to repost, comments are removed and the post is taken down.
This news about the Gilroy Garlic Festival shooter being taken out so quick seems suspect to me. What do you think.
Just in now, Mass shooting in California, are the Zions/elites behind this?
The plant Saturn is associated with a black cube and represents the evil, yet (as a muslim) in our religion its mandatory to visit the kaaba which is a black cube
Is it Anti-Semetic to Question Israel's Unethical and Illegal Policies against Palestinians?
Censorship at YouTube is working in full swing.
Need help
The Red Alien of Area 51
Found this strange sub, anyone know what's it about?
(2018) Founder of One of the Largest Children's Charities in the World, Arrested for Pedophilia in Nepal (Later sentenced to 9 years in prison)
FBI found bucket of human heads, body parts sewn together 'like Frankenstein' at donation facility: report
Garlic festival shooting....
Link to all declassified Area 51 files by the CIA.
The Mueller report is so much bigger than Trump. Meddling was happening before Trump decided to run for president. https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/social%20engineering
Bloody scenes as terrified revelers run for their lives when 'shooter in fatigues opens fire with a semi-automatic weapon' on Gilroy Garlic Festival in California killing 3 and leaving at least 60 people injured
This is Happening on Planet Earth...End Times Signs, (July 2019)
(Opinion) Why I no longer blame the Mossad
Oscillating frequencies
Asteroid 'snuck up' on Earth and missed us by 1/5 the distance to the moon.
Shooting Reported at Gilroy Garlic Festival - LIVE BREAKING NEWS COVERAGE
The older I get, the more this sub makes sense.
At least 5 people hospitalized after shooting at festival...... Incoming News. False flag or a first strike?
Climate Change
“Sacramento County Says It’s Illegal to Work on Your Own Car in Your Own Garage”
Why all the fuss over Antarctica you ask?
Remember 6 years ago
BREAKING: Gunman Still At Large After Shooting 11 People At Gilroy Garlic Festival
A correlation between prescription opiate abuse per population and Red States. Are they trying to keep liberals high and dependent so they can’t vote?
Area 51
Duckduckgo i think not
Dyncorp,epstein, organ harvesting
This is kinda freaky
AMA | This is Bob Fitrakis, here to answer your questions about the Epstein-Wexner connection to the intelligence community and organized crime!
Anyone On This Sub Ha e Any Experience with Kundalini? Is it real?
'He bragged she was his sex slave': Jeffrey Epstein 'purchased Nadia Marcinkova as a girl from her family, shot child porn of her with underage teen and forced her into threesomes'
Multiple victims in active shooter situation at California food fest: reports
PLANET X/NIBIRU | NEMESIS SYSTEM OBVIOUS | ELECTROMAGNETIC LIGHT SHOW
Gilroy Garlic Fest Mixed eyewitness accounts - False flag with call-in actors, or just typical post traumatic event confusion?
What if the government is adding conspiracies in this community with fake evidence and we’re falling for it?
Found on /pol/ about Epstein
Why have the jews been the black goat through out history
Can someone verify authenticity? Sick and depraved. Trigger warning for real.
This place is probably a target of a real black operation.
Found on 4chan /pol/
The new 24/7 News Diversion (Hollywood; East Coast Hollywood 'D.C.')
Reporter on Epstein getting messed with via Facetime
Is there a link between Libya Ambassador Stevens and HRC/Epstein?
Shooters apparently, Lets see what they actually report
Dan Coats Stepping Down as Intelligence Director, Will Be Replaced by Rep. John Ratcliffe
Steve-O's twitter allegedly hacked. Amongst some bizarre posts about Sea World , Trump , etc , this one remains. Thoughts?
must have been the smell
The Case for Individual Divinity
Dan Schneider is actively blocking people from his Twitter calling him out for the foot content in his shows
Aliens on Earth.ET's plan for our planet? Part 2 - whatweknow
Steve-O’s Twitter is hacked and posts an image of CNN’s staff
Phones hear everything.
“meme purge” on Instagram. Possibly removed some because of redpillers?
Minds co-founder and CEO Bill Ottman posts James Corbett playing the guitar while Reddit CEO and co-founder Steve Huffman thinks r/conspiracy are "conspiracy nuts"
Thorough explanation and mapping of Epstein and his network
StopFNL? J epo'u voefstuboe
Aliens on Earth.ET's plan for our planet? Part 2 - whatweknow
The word "skeptic" has been hijacked. Today it means defending the official narrative at all costs. The only thing people who call themselves skeptics are skeptical of is anything that goes against what the powers that be want us to believe. It's time to take back the word.
Tulsi Gabbard's unforgivable pro-AIPAC vote craters campaign
A Israeli film maker did a doc on how Jews being turned into soap during WW2 is a myth.
As Redditors, We should be getting Paid Everytime We Comment or Get Upvotes. We should Collectively Own this Place Or Make a Collective Clone
Can you guess which one is Neil?
From 9/11 To Iran The Long Planned War On Humanity - Dot-Connecting
Looks like the Clintons are about to get revealed, Obama stop following her and deleted Hillary related tweets
Bob Lazar telling the truth?
Sheep
Jewish people and Big Corporations
Daycare
Close enough
Pakistan after osama bin ladens death
Watch this if you have an open mind and hate Trump, believe he is corrupt, part of the deep state, Russian asset, etc. - Donald J. Trump: The Long Road to the White House (1980 - 2017)
‘Illegitimate’ internet use under the microscope at Five Eyes meeting
Rapper "Diabolic" has been calling the government out since the Bush era. Speaks on Bohemian Grove and Trilateral Commissions. Definitely worth a listen
Conspiracy is a rotten body.
Emulated Consciousness
South Tower Reintegrates
Fixed it.
MAGAcoalition is suing Q.
Gold Miners Invade Indigenous Amazonian Village After Its Leader Is Killed
Some Russian guy made this custom shirt. Drone Dragonfly anyone?
I’m Getting Spied On?
How Area 51 helped USA during the Cold War? (No Aliens, Sorry)
Banned shooting video
When this sub is eventually quarantined and banned we need to plan a meet up place.
Do you think this shit is accurate?
Racist detective falsely arrests former UVA student "Maybe in your family’s culture, and I understand it, women are kinda seen as second-class citizens or something like that" Detective DeCoster
What Tulsi Gabbard’s caving in to the Israel Lobby really shows
The Laws and Teachings of Creation
There is no fairy tale ending to the Trump Presidency because if the Second American Civil War is real and those who choose not to see it, choose to lose...
[Meta] What relatively obscure or lesser known conspiracy do you believe in?
Interesting....
Apple whistleblower: "When grading Siri recordings, we constantly hear private medical conversations, drug deals and people having sex. The person's name is always attached."
Reminder that we don't know what happened to Assange, whatever you think about him (and I also have my doubts) what he represents - being able to tell the truth without ending in jail for life for your words - is the most important issue we currently have. Do not forget about him or we are fckd
Liveleak.com - Quentin Tarantino defends child rapist Roman Polanski on Howard Stern Radio Show
Real Life MAD SCIENTISTS Are Creating MONSTERS In Laboratories Worldwide
Why people are asleep..
Whenever you become a thorn in the elites side,you have an allergic reaction.
Quentin Tarantino
understand...long...but for what its worth. part 2
Why this sub got so quiet on USA vs Iran topic, basically any topic that is not about Pedophilia scandal in USA?
Voat Undergoing DDOS Attack Again
Theories?
Doug Stanhope - Liberty
understand... long... but, for what its worth. part 1
Dan Coats to Step Down as Intelligence Chief
Looked up “trump” in the news page on Google. There were 3 more CNNs in a row above. Talk about pushing an agenda.
Reddit advertisements
Why is it that female pedos aren't as criticized or hated as male pedos?
YouTube app spying on me. Was watching a show with my parents and they were talking about planking , 10 minutes later looking through my YouTube video suggestions and a planking video is in my feed.
Is this tweet and transmission related? Same day
Do You Guys Feel As If Some Of These Creepy You Tube/Internet Videos Are More Than Just Art Projects/Pranks/Hoaxes?
[Meta] r/conspiracy vs. v/conspiracy vs. s/conspiracy
The Real Reason The Propagandists Have Been Promoting Russia Hysteria. Caitlin Johnstone. There is far more evidence of Trump’s loyalties to Israel and Saudi Arabia than Russia. FFS.
Don’t be a fuckin useful idiot [Meta]
I NEED HELP
Anybody want to field this one?
An NYPD officer has died by suicide. It's the 7th such death this yea…
Gangstalking is cointelpro on steroids
16 US Marines arrested in human smuggling investigation
Just had a quick conversation with googles A.I. cleverbot.... can anyone help explain the highlights in yellow?
Just had a quick conversation with googles A.I. cleverbot.... can anyone help explain the highlights in yellow?
Ilhan Omar to be deported by ICE
The thing happening to Hong Kong will happen to the US later as an excuse to induce World War III.
MH17 EVIDENCE TAMPERING REVEALED BY MALAYSIA – Forensic audio data analysis of Ukrainian phone conversations reveals recordings were edited in a studio prior to shootdown
Before I pass away, please read this.
Not allowed to comment on controversial content on ‘Main Stream Communities’
Napa County, Florida abducted child to cover up corruption.
Hey guys, I have an interesting article/ Q&amp;A dialogue for you guys to take a peek at! Please read it thoroughly if you care to or have the time, let me know what you think!
FBI Finds Buckets Of Heads, Penises And Bodies Sewn Together In ‘Human Chop Shop’
Michael Shermer- The Mind of the Market (New Book Aug 1st)
Speaking of the shithole Baltimore.....
British woman arrested in Cyprus over false rape claim. Question is: were the accused dancing?
Titanic vs Olympic
This red pill will get downvoted to oblivion because it is true: Russia did 9/11. Bring on the shills!
Survey time, is Mark Zuckerberg a reptilian or does he just need more sun?
Criticism around Baltimore should center around Dope, Inc.
Criticism around Baltimore should center around Dope, Inc.
Repost because of deletion: Comedian Doug Stanhope on nationalism.
Marc Zuckerberg replaced trough a cyborg ?
Just had a quick conversation with googles A.I. cleverbot.... can anyone help explain the highlights in yellow?
I present to you, the final boss.
Repost because of deletion: Not too much conspiracy here just some solid info from an interesting brain 🧠
The Hofeller Files
r/trashy getting redpilled on pedo-pride
Mother Teresa was a child trafficker, selling babies and funnelling between $50-100 million a year to the Vatican. https://t.co/HIDpOVNEto
Cummings Staffer Loses 6 Children in House Fire - 2017
what was the most scariest dream that you remeber in full detail?
Smiley face speaks volumes (Rusty shackleford)
Once you realize that the US, UK, Israel and Saudi Arabia have been on the side of the terrorists in Syria and Libya, then all the madness, distractions, divisiveness, censorship and non-stop propaganda start making sense. You've been played all along
New Tarantino Flick Drops Secret Nod to QAnon at Very End?
Not too much conspiracy here, just general thoughts from one of the most unique brains I’ve had the opportunity to hear.
The Plane Truth ~ Breakaway Civilization - PTS 3054
At the Amsterdam gay pride, someone from the "Children Liberation Front", a pro-paedophilia group, was handing these out until bystanders started to complain and police confiscated the cards because he refused to leave.
Quick question: Are videos of the Hong Kong protests unavailable for anyone else?
Conspiracy theorists are con-artists
The Plane Truth ~ Breakaway Civilization - PTS 3054
Russiagate Origin Probe Pivots to 'Smoking Gun' Tapes With Exculpatory Evidence: Alexander Downer will go down in history as the bumbling spy Papadopoulos outed who almost upended the US-Australia relationship. "Next time don’t use your phone to spy on me, dummy."
Serial Killers are a Hoax
What do you think is the biggest hurdle to overcome being another statistic in manipulation?
The Plane Truth ~ Breakaway Civilization - PTS 3054
The mods of r/Baltimore (who mostly live in the county) are removing any post agreeing with the president.
Flood lines in Africa?
Views on this???
Man believes his girl has become a victim of human trafficking, victim releases response on Instagram with suspicious Modeling agent in her presence at all times.
The U. S. Government is allowing the Israeli military to use Alaska to test Israeli anti-ballistic missiles which can destroy satellites. Satellites are not ballistic missiles by any definition, but to be able to destroy satellites the Israelis have to pretend that satellites are offensive missiles.
What would actually happen if we stormed area 51?
I’ve just seen an advert for a phone network and it lead me to think...
The mysterious Mister Mifsud and why no one wants to discuss him
Jewish Ritual Murder Kits discoverved in 2000 year old Syrian Jew grave
I think Area 51 is fake in some ways
Where have all the conspiracy videos gone?
"This photograph of Robert Maxwell's daughter Ghislaine, pimp to Jeffrey Epstein, has been circulating on Twitter for some time. Let me try to put it into perspective..."
Speaking of Baltimore, Jared Kushner’s company arrested more ordinary people to collect debt than anyone else in Maryland
Click that.
FAA Let Boeing Sign Its Own Safety Certifications On The 737 Max
Barack Obama’s Anti-Semitic rant
x Were Lyme infected ticks used as biological weapons? Congress calls for investigation into Defense Department
Shark Attack. The Israeli Mind-controlled sharks. Any truth to the story?
Epstein case: judge agrees to keep documents on 2008 plea deal secret
Tulsi Gabbard, Ro Khanna (Bernie Sanders' campaign co-chair), &amp; Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez must be under great political pressure to have voted Thursday in favor of Trump's $738 billion dollar "defense" budget, a Record High for the Pentagon &amp; "Defense" companies
I'm in the UK and this subreddit doesn't come up when I google it.
‘Robocop’ technology poses a threat to our liberties
Beware of CGI instagram "influencers"
"Hexa Hexa Orion" What do you think that is?
It's true try it.
Where do I go from here...
Quentin Tarantino Defends Polanski in Resurfaced Interview: 13-Year-Old Girl ‘Wanted to Have It’
Epstein Madam and Underaged Girl Procurer, Ghislaine Maxwell's Charity Under Investigation
Google is actively conspiring to "prevent the next Trump situation", while simultaneously sabotaging Tulsi Gabbard's presidential campaign. Their bias has nothing to do with Republicans vs. Democrats.
NYPD sergeant found dead of apparent suicide on Staten Island, 5th nypd officer to kill himself this summer
Nobody had a conniption or called Orkin racist when they came out with their rattiest city list.
Anyone in Los Angeles?
July 27th, 2019, George Web Reporting: "Last Moments Of CIA Director William Colby"
The Placebo Truth
huawei surveillance conspiracy
An NYPD officer has died by suicide. It's the 7th such death this year
Trump suggests investigating Obama $65mil book deal
For those who'd like a fascinating peek into the early forays of government manipulation of social media to succesfully influence elections...
The Iron Mountain Report
The Century of the Self (2002 documentary)
Can anyone find stuff about this? I was in a program like this as a kid, though it wasn’t called GATE. I don’t remember much of it, and my events seem to line up with the outlined events in the text.
Board of Fire Commissioners Adopts 9/11 Resolution
Google's algorithms are absolutely and completely unbiased guys! They certainly aren't trying to "prevent another Trump situation", those tapes of the Google executive saying those words were edited! Such a toxic conspiracy theory y'all!
Bernie Sanders said Baltimore is a ‘Third World country’ and a 'disgrace’
The top voted comment on this r/worldnews article shows promise
Area 51 footage
Google's search algorithms are absolutely unbiased guys. They certainly aren't trying to prevent another Trump situation, that's a conspiracy theory.
[META] The Adolf Hitler you were not allowed to hear
Update: The Cursed Nahanni Valley
Audio Recording Of Hillary Clinton Speaking On Her Defense Of A Child Rapist In The 80s
Frost bank building in Austin Tx is built to look like an owl
How does the Obama administration fit into Joe Biden’s connection with Jeffery Epstein?
Last place with the highest percentage. Interesting.
What is going on with the sun in this video?? (Link in SS due to Mod not letting me link directly and deleting my last post)
Do something!
Time Travelers???
What are y'all doing to prep for the Area 51 storm?
If, hypothetically, the government is watching and listening to your every move, even in your own home... How would you speak in secret without them knowing?
U.S. Marines 'likely' to enter Venezuela, says socialist party No. 2
I once went to a summer camp next to a military base. I saw a UFO, told people about it, and then got questioned by a government official.
2012. The year it was all supposed to end. Undoubtedly, the year it all changed. For the United States anyway.
On July 24, 2019 — nearly 18 years after the attacks that traumatized a nation and changed the world forever — the Franklin Square and Munson Fire District outside of Queens, New York, became the first legislative body in the country to officially support a new investigation into the events of 9/11.
today I saw the light
Judaism rejects God (and why it's evil)
Katy Perry owes her success to her Illuminati ancestors. Probably.
Can anyone assist in explaining what is going on in this time lapse at Antarctica August 2018
Looking for a specific Apollo 11 video
Apparently Voat is offline due to DDoS attacks related to this post.
New York Area Fire Commissioners Make History, Call for New 9/11 Investigation
Another reason why you should use DuckDuckGo always instead of google: fbi confirms that hitler fled to South America and google tries to play it as a “hoax” or “conspiracy theory”
There’s now only 4 major cell networks in the US. How soon until 3?
I think that my friend who claimed to be Romanian is really Chinese.
What’s the significance of the letter “K” in “black magik”
When you have a lot of secrets to hide
There was apparently another suicide of an NYC cop today. Doesn’t this CDAN blind from a year ago sound prophetic?
The most powerful 9/11 video you've ever seen
Question for the Sub, Is the Guy in the Red Box Wearing the Chicago Jacket the Same As All the Other Comparisons?
Hacktivist attacks dropped by 95% since 2015 - Hacktivist scene collapses as Anonymous hacker collective dies a slow death. - the group's name has now been tarnished by its involvement with politically-themed campaigns, which started around 2016,
What now?
Read this if you want I guess.
Does anyone know what could be going on?
Anyone Ever Figure Out Why Obama was Wearing This?
The_Donald moderators told me this was a fake quote by Reddit CEO Steve Huffman and I got banned for 3 days when it’s verbatim: literally exactly what he said. They’re mad bc I exposed Huffman for wanting to ban The_Donald!
Attackers break into home of investigative journalist, kill her dogs and steal her reporting records
Reuters, CBS Run With Misleading Headline About Migrant Mother, Mexican Border Guard
There is a tiny ghost town in the West Texas salt flats with a 20% Russian population.
Pizzagate/eppstein
I have been thinking about this long time and where we are heading at...what do you guys have to say about this?
Petition fowarded to DHS,Demanding already devastated ilhan Omar’s resignation - Usrightleft.com
Obama always told the truth
Does anyone remember Shaye Saint John?
What Do These Symbols Mean?
Why did all these women stay silent before MeToo in 2017?
Title I Cannot Remember
Secret contracts, annual boosts to festivals, personal gifts and no rules for spending. A look inside this mysterious government fund.
NXIVM AND THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
Hidden cameras in Jeffrey Epstein’s home
Corey Feldman gets shut down on live TV by Barbara Walters when bringing up Hollywood abuse allegations.
You cannot legislate the poor into prosperity by legislating the wealthy out of prosperity. What one person receives without working for another person must work for without receiving. The government cannot give to anybody anything that the government does not first take from somebody else.
[meta] Wetiko – Exploring the Alarming Rise of Narcissism
Wetiko – Exploring the Alarming Rise of Narcissism
Emulated Consciousness
Microphone advertising concerns
President Trump once again takes aim at cities with more African Americans than whites, slamming Baltimore as a "disgusting, rat- and rodent-infested mess".
FIRST UP, YOU NEED A CHARACTER THAT WANTS SOMETHING BEYOND WHAT THEY HAVE.
This is scary. 1984 is here. Currently at the top of a popular "unbiased" subreddit.
RCMP conducting door-to-door search in same small town where they currently face a historic-abuse scandal
Mueller Unravels! Cringe Worthy Testimony Exposes Russiagate Hoax! - YouTube
Does anyone know more details about this victim? Was she trafficked by Jeffrey Epstein or other famous bullies?
The Great Hack: The most important documentary on the election fraud and scum that is Cambridge Analytica (and Facebook)
Donald Trump and the Plot to Take Over the Courts
Do You Trust Snopes? You Won't After Reading This.
Why are 99.9% of Christian churches worthless social clubs, that do nothing to stand up against evil? B/c they are neutered by the government through the 501c3 IRS designation, and all "mainstream" denominations are controlled from the top down via Freemasons and other Satanic influence
Analyzing the Hidden Symbolism in Midsommar (2019) and Us (2019)
Oh, the Ancient House of Borromeo and the Cult of Medea
The ruling class
Supreme Court Rules To Allow $2.5 Billion For Border Wall Construction
If this is a simulation then that means life is like one big test and our actions in this life have consequences in the afterlife.
The shit that was crazy 5 years ago is not so crazy anymore. Many here owe Dr. Judy Wood an apology. Classified Weapons exist and you will never know the truth without access. All she did was point that out.
Obama was never a liar
The High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program
Dicyanim, a dye made Illegal by the U.S. Government. It Is Said that if you place 2 Glass Planes Dyed With Dicyanin, You Can See Into The Spirit Realm
Muhammad forced people from their homes, forced POWs to convert, held captives for ransom, had sex with a preteen, claimed to talk to angels and even god himself, and he executed a little Jewish granny called Zeynab.
Priti Patel was caught trying to divert British foreign aid to Israeli military.
r/conspiracy is ran by white supremacists
Thoughts?
Bob Fitrakis is doing an AMA on r/chapotraphouse right now about Epstein
Phones and washing machines must be made to last, MPs say as UK Government launches inquiry into 'Tsunami' of e-waste - Mary Creagh, who is launching the enquiry, has said that while in the past technology was built to last, now it is built to degrade in order to produce profit for tech companies.
Drone footage from a flyover of Epstein's "pedo island." Totally normal, of course.
Reddit is just dialouge farm for writers in Hollywood.They just find funny exchanges and plagiarize them.
In 2018, the Pentagon claimed ISIS killed American soldier Jonathan Dunbar in Syria. Today, documents reveal his death was actually due to his own (US-manufactured) grenade accidentally detonating.
Really is a great time to be alive....
This doesn’t sit right with me....I think this is a huge set up/cover up
Storm Area 51 - anyone else feel like this is being pushed, like the memes aren't organic?
Biblical prophecy is happening right before our eyes? Massive waves of locusts invading the capital Sanaa in Yemen. Locusts are attacking farms and eating trees leaves.
The Duplessis Orphans - Child Psychatric Abuse, Sexual Abuse and Experimentation.
Storm area 51 - anyone else think this is being pushed, like the memes aren't organic?
Jim Fetzer "The Raw Deal" (7-14-19) Kelley Watt Sandy Hook
Similarities the Mind Flayer and Reptilian conspiracy share
Freemason admits that Lucifer is the same as Jesus Christ
Hillary Clinton Body Count Documentary
Only crazy people BELIEVE the moon landing was real.
Space X BFR is why the Green light on ET stuff is Happening.
Ghiselle Maxwell's Italian Count boyfriend
The Epstein Style Blackmail of President Woodrow Wilson - Bush &amp; Mueller Connections Now and Then
USA is like china censoring the internet; cant find Qanon info
Creepy and suspicious mukbang youtube channel Kate Yup
FOXNews 1 hour ago: “What does the US military actually know about UFOs?” Are they getting people ready?
The Pedophocracy by David McGowan
Storm Area 51 (Sep 20) and Cover Climate Now (Sep 16-23) are both being held at the same time
Leaked trailer for Russian Chernobyl drama features a CIA plot. Russian state TV's answer to the popular HBO show differs from the original, and from historical reality, by portraying the CIA as being involved in the disaster
Was this woman Anneke Lucas raped by Bush and Rockefeller?
America will not last another 100 years?
What do you think really happened to Madeline McCann?
Storm Area 51 (Sep 20) and Cover Climate Now (Sep 16-23) are being held at the same time https://thehill.com/homenews/media/454912-more-than-60-outlets-commit-to-week-of-climate-coverage
Pentagon Ordered to Tell Congress If It Weaponized Ticks And Released Them Into the Public
Amazon Requires Police to Shill Surveillance Cameras in Secret Agreement
Mike Pence Fails to Pay $24K Tab at Gay-Owned Club
All I’ve seen on twitter today is posts regarding ICE. Propaganda pushing for election or is this plausible?
Chainless Slaves: Trauma Programming Manual
New Documentary on MH17…Ukraine Did It!
Star Wars and the Occult : The Light and Dark sides of the Force
Political Circus World Tour 2019
FOIA documents confirm Mueller was an absentee landlord as special counsel. His right hand guy was a paid Clinton world lawyer and Andrew Weissmann, the anti-Trump activist, did the hiring.
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
What are your thoughts on the shooting of WDBJ reporter and cameraman on live TV in 2015? (warning to anyone who hasn't seen this before, if it really happened then this footage is NSFW)
Join The Disclosure Of Evil
Instagram Meme Page Purge Conspiracy
Joseph Misfud's lawyer has told John Solomon that his client is prepared to admit that he was in fact acting as an agent of the FBI in setting up George Papadopolous
My phone has started to show me ads for things that I’ve only thought about. I think it’s reading my mind. Am I crazy?
Wake up! This is your alarm! By Charlie Pound
Anyone else feel like something did happen in 2012?
Before space force, it was called solar warden. We've had a space fleet since at least the 80s.
Instagram is purging many popular meme accounts for obviously false ToS violations. Possible Area 51 connections?
I am from Kenya
More White Helmets Syria Propaganda. CNN: "Syrian girl dies after saving sister's life in heart-stopping airstrike photo." Analysis in comments.
Backdoors won't weaken your encryption, wails FBI boss. And he's right. They won't – they'll fscking torpedo it
Theory: Area 51 has been decommissioning the base for decades and now there is nothing really left, so they advertise a 'Storm Area 51' event where they basically let people in to find nothing.
About to meet a former member of the Bush administration (!!!) What should I ask?
Trump Turns On Fox News In Angry Tweet
For those who have not seen it, Loose Change Second Edition is available in it’s entirety. Stay Skeptical, Friends.
Tanker Seizures and the Threat to the Global Economy from Resurgent Imperialism - Craig Murray. Former UK ambassador and torture whistleblower on the illegal UK seizure of an Iranian tanker at Gibraltar.
This post triggered a massive DDOS attack and took Voat down. Epstein, Nicole Junkermann, the Red Cross, and the Vatican connections.
Have I been bugged?
This post triggered a massive DDOS attack and almost took Voat down. Epstein, Nicole Junkermann, the Red Cross, and the Vatican connections.
Shazaam Movie exists with Sinbad
FAQ #12: What is AE911Truth's assessment of the directed energy weapon (DEW) hypothesis?
Alex Jones was correct...
Downloaded a Logo maker app and found this ready-made logo template. Notice something guys?
Port Arthur massacre was a false flag?
"Interview with the Hacker who Broke into Comet Ping Pong and Found CP"
The Duplessis Orphans - Child Psychiatric Abuse and Experimentation
What if the CIA has been using "The Simpsons" to send messages to agents and that's why a lot of Simpsons episodes at one point correspond with real life events?
The American Legal System is Run by the Crown Templar, a Knight's Templar Subsidiary
Swarm area 51
Robert Mueller involved in FBI release of deceptive statements about Sarasota 9/11 probe
How to Inoculate Yourself From Establishment Bullshit: The only reason anyone can attempt to claim that Barack Obama had “no scandals” is because in our bat shit crazy world, murdering, oppressing and exploiting large numbers of people isn’t considered scandalous
Just had a samsung update. Now I have CNN on the top of some kind of chatbot list... I am not a happy camper about this update. I figure this sub will have as much disdain for CNN as I do. Anybody on here find a way to get rid of it?
A friend of mine (early 20’s) told me he’d never seen video footage of 9/11. I decided, whether or not he believes in the conspiracy, that he should see it-so I go on Google and YouTube and find no decent links to video of the 2 WTC’s being hit and falling...
H1B Crackdown: commenters from US and India provide insight on issue
The American Legal System is Overseen by the Crown Templar
FBI Records: Adolf Hitler fled to Argentina
Russiagate Origin Probe Pivots to 'Smoking Gun' Tapes With Exonerating Evidence: DOJ investigating why exculpatory evidence was not included in FBI surveillance warrant applications. Papadopoulos was framed and "will show Australia was willfully trying to sabotage Donald Trump."
Gangsta Rap Vs. La élite oscura (Illuminati) Tupac, Eazy-E, Prodigy...
This
What do you think of evidence for existence of Bigfoot/Yeti?
BDS is Israel"s WTC7. Because of Israeli genocide, apartheid and censorship of BDS, the following can no longer be dismissed as anti-semitic, Nazi conspiracy theories:
I have to let this anger out somewhere...
Status of NWO
Why was Epstein on the advisory board of the Lifeboat Foundation?
Area 51: The penultimate thread regarding how to storm the base with 0 lives lost. Guaranteed.
NWO
Area 51 The penultimate thread regarding how to storm the base with 0 lives lost. Guaranteed.
Breaking Up Britain would be Sweet Justice for Putin
Congress is 95.8% owned by Israel. Congress votes 389-17 to ignore the 1st Amendment to protect Israel from exposure of its atrocities.
Alex Jones is right again?
My own experience confirms that cancer is not what people think it is
How to use your smartphone without leaving a trace | Popular Science
Tulsi Gabbard’s lawsuit exposes a dangerous shift to the extreme left by Google. They are now censoring moderate Democrats, not just Conservatives. Google's bias now only tolerates extreme far-left ideology.
Shower thought - The warring factions among the pedophile powerful.
A post made on July 15th. The TDemS will never stop.
IDF orders snipers to aim for ankles of Gazan protesters
I want to ask about the Unabomber and mkultra program.
That time when you notice the correlation between a rise in UFO "disclosure" news and pedo investigations.
The struggle against political Zionism is a sentiment shared with progressive Jewish organizations worldwide. “One of the largest humanitarian crises in the world is manufactured” by the Zionists who hold vast power in the governments of Israel, The United States of America and The United Kingdom.
Robbie Parker Can't Keep a Straight Face Talking About His Murdered Daughter. He breaks character many times in this short interview. CBS had to edit out him laughing and his wife giggling @ 0.56 mark after being asked a question about his daughter.
Russia would execute any government officials that blocked efforts to secure their election from foreign interference. Does McConnell realize that?
" horrific raid at an Arizona body-donation center": "Stephen Gore, the Biological Resource Center's owner, pleaded guilty in 2015 to operating an illegal enterprise...:
Q is Dead. Long Live Q!
EXEMPLAR HORIZON SCAN OUTPUT - "In the year 2020, an extra-terrestrial spaceship arrived over Antarctica."
Is Erdogan dead?
What does it say about your personality if you are heavily interested conspiracy theories?
The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation Blog
Russia would execute any government official that made it easier for America to influence their elections. Does McConnell realize that?
What would China do to keep India from growing and becoming a major competitor? Would they release a virus that would destroy their population growth?
Washington State Releases Hundreds Of Illegal Aliens Charged With Crimes, Including Felonies
Avicii
Really is a great time to be alive....
Minority Report doesn't work - most experts agree
I have an odd question...
in a way Trump is a genius.
Why is Snopes so Pathetic?
Official Storm Area 51 plan.
U.S. Congress Bipartisan Vote For Pentagon To Be Investigated For Using Insects as a Biological Weapon
The window of “allowable speech” is collapsing
They have all of our fingerprints...
Why The End Of Smoking Is Complicated
How probable is it that Bob Lazar murdered his first wife?
What does everybody think of Sandy Hook?
A man who made false allegations of murder and child sexual abuse against public figures has been jailed for 18 years. Child porn found on his computer. UK media is really pushing this story. Thoughts?
Small Epstein leak revels Victoria's Secret's Pedo connections.
I think "gang stalking" may be real, here is some evidence of similar known FBI tactics.
Hey, new guy here. How do I post here without it getting removed within 10 seconds?
Is my phone listening to me??
Amazing review of the life and death of Robert Maxwell, father of Ghislaine Maxwell, former assistant to Jeffrey Epstein. This story reveals one of the most extensive conspiracies of the 20th century.
I feel sorry for all these Qanons holding on to false hope
25 men arrested in child sex-sting operation (Sarasota County, FL)
Did a quick Google search for jobs at Reddit...what exactly is an ‘Anti-Evil Operation Specialist’?
The most powerful nation on Earth has decided to eradicate 50% of humans to combat Global Warming.
Larry King is in Epstein's little black book
Example of the upper echelons partaking in black magic
What are some big conspiracies that turned out to be true? / impossible for the "true story" to be true?
I think italians are more likely to feel the burning from 5G
Social Credit Coming To An America Near You
REVEALED: Loch Ness Monster is ‘an alien’ – new theory on Scotland's mythical beast
Idk where to post this but I just met a reddit pedophile who is 26 and its absolutley gross.
Are Sacrifices relevant anymore?
The government lied to us about communism
red sun radio: conspiracy chats - the solar system is a massive graveyard
Stu Cvrk explains Mueller as a lifelong bipartisan fixer for the Deep State: the OKC bombing, Waco, Ruby Ridge, BCCI, PanAm 103, Whitey Bulgar, Clinton Foundation, Uranium One, and now Spygate. The coup plotters used him as a figurehead/last chance, but it failed.
dog poop in ear plug
BREAKING: President Trump said he has given Attorney General William Barr the authority to release all declassified #SpyGate documents to House Intelligence Vice Chairman Devin Nunes. (24 hours after Q told us.)
For the people that believe a plane did NOT go down in Pennsylvania on 911 ( such as myself), what do you think the purpose of it was? There is no question it was not a plane that hit that field. There was absolutely no plane debris
The Fluoride Conspiracy &amp; How To Heal Cavities Naturally With Dr. Lando
One of the Sandy Hook Possible Parents (Actor) Just Appeared in YouTube Ad
Mildly interesting: the non smoking signs look like just the two wtc towers with smoke coming out of them
Do you think the police protect certain people from certain bloodlines?
The Truth about the South.
Mitch McConnell refuses to protect the integrity of American elections. Is it because he’s in Oleg Deripaska’s back pocket?
WTC1 Slow Motion Reversed
EPLI5 on Iran, from why are we being pushed to war with them to what we will get out of it and the dangers we (you and I) will suffer if any
Did the world end in 2012?
The Boys - a clever distraction from Epstein and co?
The Boys - a clever distraction from Epstein and co?
Apple’s hired contractors are listening to your recorded Siri conversations, too
For those who believe in astral projection and remote viewing, could it be used to look into classified places?
"behavioral microtargeting"
The Real Goal Of The Mueller Investigation Was To Cover Up The FBI's Actions Against Trump
Where’s My Roy Cohn? Digs into One of the 20th Century’s Most Evil Men
Why people believe in the “Flat Earth” (AND OTHER CONSPIRACY THEORIES).
The Hidden Contact and Government Alliances.
Targeted Individuals (Open Discussion) Gangstalking Testimonies
The Hidden Contact and Government Alliances.
Are there any interesting theories about the Back to the Future series?
Who is the rusty the Rusty Shackleford uploading drone videos of Epstein's island?
The Hidden Contact &amp; Government Alliances
The Hidden Contact and Government Alliances.
The Hidden Contact and Government Alliances
As if by magic, almost NO chemtrails near Portland, Oregon today - usually LOTS of them with the airport traffic, yet strangely today, there are none
Deepfakes as a defence
This is a good example of how the white liberal ideology is inherently racist. They are racist towards people of color who leave the white liberal plantation. White liberal female can’t explain why she was indoctrinating a child of color.
They’re doing it again: Judge signs protective order over materials feds to turn over to jailed financier Jeffrey Epstein
John Lear - The King of Conspiracy?
Presidential conspiracy
A$AP Rocky Charged With Assault, Will Remain In Swedish Jail
To all you Area 51 raiders, Stephen King may have already predicted the aftermath...
About DMT
MSNBC’s Anti-Sanders Bias Makes It Forget How to Do Math
What was once the craziest conspiracy you’ve heard that you now believe to be true?
Judge dismisses Covington student's defamation suit against Washington Post
When we win, do not forget that these people want you broke, dead, your children raped and brainwashed, and they think it's funny.
Since it seems hard to find: OP of Disney-Epstein before Twitter nuked it
The not so nice and accurate prophecies of DruidicMagic.
USWGO news reporter files motion to suppress, discovery, New lawyer
Military Will Use Facial Recognition Goggles to Help Soldiers Identify People Through Weapons Systems
pedophile infiltration of LGBT?🏳️‍🌈😈
Judge grants feds request to block documents implicating others in Epstein case. ABCNews
Bill Gates Agenda
Our Internet Friend Went Missing
Mitch McConnell’s Voting Machine Lobbyist Funding Raises Eyebrows After He Blocks Election Security Bills
I remember reading about a huge quantity of gold bars under guard at an airport with unknown origins or ownership. I am unable to find the story now, I suspect I am lacking the keywords when searching. Does anybody else recall this or have other details?
What NĀŠĀ means in Hebrew.
Hwuujjk
New Prosecutor selected for case against reporter Brian D. Hill of USWGO news; is corrupt federal prosecutor arrested?
PLEASE HELP ME: I'm being prosecuted for writing a book criticizing the gov't | Sheila Gunn Reid
Mentally ill GOP candidate is a Q Anon believer
Why is Neil deGrasse Tyson here?
Zeigeist the movie global warming
I made a video making scientific calculations on Area 51, including but not limited to how fast theoretically it could Naruto Run... (Yes, it's as a joke but I think anyone would enjoy it including people of this sub-reddit)
Google listens.
Despite the "Circle of Life" and "TIFU" posts being FAR more upvoted and similarly recent, Reddit has ensured that a joke flogging the bullshit Russian narrative is shoehorned as the top post on the site
"suicide"
Suppressed human history... where do I begin?
The Crystal Skulls
FBI finds bodies sewn together and other parts in human chop shop: The stomach-churning scene was discovered by FBI agents at the now-shuttered Biological Resource Center in 2014 as part of a multi-state investigation into the illegal trafficking and sale of human body parts
Mitch McConnell Received Donations from Voting Machine Lobbyists Before Blocking Election Security Bills
Top comment removed from the current #1 /r/all post regarding scientology. Why?
Mitch McConnell Received Donations from Voting Machine Lobbyists Before Blocking Election Security Bills
Time travel among the elites. Las Vegas shooter, Comet Pizza, Madeline McCann.
They aren’t the only ones..
Nicholas Sandmann's claim against Media Monopoly For Defamation Thrown Out of Court. What should we learn about this episode?
I do not believe America will last another 100 years the way it is going
This is a wild one but bare with me
The Real Reason Autism Diagnoses Is Growing Exponentially ?
Are the Pilots about to blow the whistle?
Are all men pedos?
Just like one can be an Atheist and choose no gods to Worship one can choose not to give their Loyalty to any sort of Government because neither gods nor governments ever gave a single F*** about you or anybody else, this I promise.
let's talk about that thing. This little town is very close to area 51 and the street view only go to that cheap motel, thoughts?
Johnny Rotten Was Banned From BBC in 1978 for Telling the Truth About Jimmy Savile
Trump fan not here to argue, just questions
‘Clinton Body Count’ trends on Twitter, establishment blames Russia
Guns don't kill people...
The Rabbit Hole grows ever deeper.
Do you think all the major genocides in history would have happened if the internet was around at the time?
First Amendment? Why/how is there EVER a lawsuit for defamation? Or are only "media" outlets free to defame and make up whatever news they want?
Constitutional crisis in the USA
Donald Trump dismisses North Korea firing missiles over Japan, while continuing to march towards war with Iran, a much less capable and much less dangerous country to the United States. What could possibly be the reason for these two dramatically different foreign policies? 🤔
Remember the body of the teen girl found near Queen Elizabeth II's backyard? Video of news story inside comments.
Dr. Judy Wood - Where Did the Tower Go?
I found this while typing random numbers on youtube when I was bored. Is this anything suspicious?
My post was removed because I used the word "insane" to describe the American system. Apparently I am being cruel and derogatory. Hmmm.
Oberlin College Refuses to Pay Defamed Bakery - Judge Orders $36 Million Bond For Their Appeal
CNN's Nazi Problem. Another CNN Personality’s Antisemitic Tweets Unearthed: ‘I Love You Hitler’
Tweets from the Imam of peace. This is nuts.
&gt;_&lt;
TPTB are just insulting our intelligence with this nonsense. Demand disclosure today!
TPTB are just insulting our intelligence with this nonsense. Demand disclosure today!
Obama never existed
Currently the top two posts (by a huge margin) at r/Science are about gun control and Immigration. Now try and convince yourself that the narrative isn't being controlled.
"Google’s discriminatory actions against my campaign are reflective of how dangerous their complete dominance over internet search is, and how the increasing dominance of big tech companies over our public discourse threatens our core American values. This is a threat to free speech"
Give the people what they want - Let's buy an alien
Just a reminder from 2013... Wonder what happened to those IG reports they discussed?
Satanic World We Live In
The Galactic Spiritual Hierarchy
foreign interference? ilhan Omar and her Qatari ties.
Everything is a Triangle
Celebrities are the same people
I've created a Telegram superchat for this sub, if anyone is interested.
Controlled Demolition vs. Building 7
Joe Rogan under fire for racial insensitivity
But I thought Neil knew everything
Is the moon an artificial satellite?
long-game conspiracy
long-time conspiracy
Roman Polanski: The truth about his notorious sex crimes
Details on Epstein's Black Book, in particularly Paint Charlie Rose and Bill Clinton as Part of Conspiracy
Didn't Anderson Cooper Intern For The CIA?
OOPS!
Turns out FBI Peter Strozk replacement David Archey wrote detail summaries of Comey Memos. Judge ordered DOJ to release unredacted the 'Archey Declarations'. DOJ fighting Judges order - must be incriminating stuff!
Lolita Express Pilots Subpoenaed and facing grand jury- Epstein's famous guests on Lolita Express may be exposed, female victims say the flight logs were incomplete, while Deutsch Bank investigates financial activity as late as May
Youtuber had enough with how the platform treats him and get the help of the biggest union of the planet to help him. Nowhere to be seen on reddit, even if youtube demonetization drama was featured every day
Check out the link and read the description. I created a Area 51 themed gofundmepage. The info for the gofundme is on the bottom of the description.
Pentagon and Child Porn
Elon Musk’s dad has had a baby with his stepdaughter, who is 42 years younger than him
Google adds on youtube and social manipulation. Not only do they promote homosexuality but they also encourage cheating. One day the masses will wake up to that it's no longer about acceptance but rather a culture war based on morals.
The Clinton body count is starting to become very apparent and undeniable
The Sound Code, Alien Conspiracy
Tarantino Billboards Hijacked in L.A. to Slam Epstein, Polanski and "Pedowood"
Trump - The WTO is BROKEN when the world’s RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!
Why is shit like this allowed? Why are these "Women" not in jail?
We live in matrix or black magic is real. 100% true story
No real testing done for mental patients!
Smocking hell
Truth about the Jewish Conspiracy
Google Doodle Exposes a Patriotic Looking Megan Rapino For Being Xenophobic.
Can You Guys Help Me Find a Post from a few years ago, about a Place where Politicians were trained, groomed, and funded then eventually become Senators
"UAP launch from the Moons Surface 2019" One of the better videos I've seen. The craft must be massive to be seen this way.
Prosecutors in Jeffrey Epstein sex traffic case investigating 'uncharged individuals': Court filing
Can you Trump idiots go somewhere else.
'It snuck up on us': Scientists stunned by 'city-killer' asteroid that just missed Earth
The weird case of the Jayme Closs abduction (and murders) got weirder.
Storm My Wallet
Is reddit actually left-leaning to the extent that we see? Or are right-leaning opinions being silenced so regularly that the average user is only being exposed to the left-leaning user-base.?
Is that really the same girl but different photo involved with Comet Ping Pong?
Trump admits he allowed Devin Nunes access to classified intelligence documents about Russia investigation
Hong Kong Riots tomorrow; What to expect
Once Upon A Time In Hollywood, there was a Two-Headed Eagle
Hugh Jackman at a spirit cooking event
Where are the 2,000 pages of unsealed documents from the Epstein case?
Trump administration renews Chevron license in Venezuela for three months
Coincidence or conspired?
Big Pharma Conspiracy was true all along... those sick bastards
FB at it again.
For your Friends in Family in Vegas this Weekend (The Denial of Real Magick Conspiracy)
WEIRD SKY PHENOMENA | UFOS | PLANET X
Since people keep asking...
All of these heat waves have got to be haarp and the equivalent in other countries at war with each other lol.
The Powers That Be
Take that, flat earthers!!
An interesting, but unverified claim that Epstein was not a victim of attempted suicide - or Arkancide - but was brutally raped by inmates as a punishment for being a paedophile.
What if the government tested on us by declaring some fake virus break out to see our reactions?
Project Monarch?
Northrop Grumman Unclassified Capabilities
Conspiracy Theory: Girls are secretly crying machines disguised as people
Behold, Jeffrey Epstein, his hand resting very comfortably on Disney star Miley Cyrus' back side, during the weekend long celebration of her 16th birthday. Where? Disneyland, of course.
We should really just raid epsteins private island instead of area 51
President Ronald Reagan on an "Alien Threat" at the United Nations
Was Apollo 20 A Hoax Or Did They Really Find An Alien City and Female Alien On The Moon?
Conspiracy: Did anyone notice /r/conspiracy is on fire for the last 12 or so hours?
Fully Sourced Excellent Summary of Pizzagate Evidence
Can someone explain this to us!
An old Hillary Clinton conspiracy theory finds new life in Jeffrey Epstein news
The Qonspiracy
How will we ever get an alternative to YouTube with real free speech?
I found some pedophile symbols on children's toys, clothing, Netflix, and other places. Symbolism will be their downfall.
The Hollow Earth Theory
Katy Perry MK-Ultra Music video
Geoffrey Berman: You'll be seeing a lot of this guy soon. DJT appointee, currently investigating 9/11, Epstein and more...
Can someone help me with the history of Morngo Casino please?
Where is our 2000 page dump on Epstein?
John 10:14, Zechariah 11:17 and Matthew 4:9
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson attended a party at a billionaire’s castle in 2018 without his usual security detail, refuses to answer questions on it
Russians, Jews, and the blow back from using organized criminals to collapse and raid the former Soviet Union!
Did we know Jeffery Epstein was a member of the Trilateral Commission, the Council on Foreign Relations, New York Academy of Science, and a former board member of the Rockefeller University?
Meet The Former Epstein 'Sex Slave' Who Helped Recruit Underage Girls For The 'Lolita Express'
Steal This Video (Please!) - What is "intellectual property," exactly? Where does this pernicious idea come from? And how does this philosophical wrong turn lead us not just into the heart of absurdity, but toward the censorship of the internet and the control of your genome?
"The Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation, under the umbrella of the Southern Trust Company, Inc., has funded the largest and most important student science fair in the US Virgin Islands."
Reddit.com has become one of the biggest social influencers in history, hourly brainwashing millions of people from all over the world. No longer just "liberal leaning", this website is a full-on left-wing 24/7 propaganda factory. But people are mad at Russian Facebook ads?
"Their business was prostitution, drug running, traffic in humans." - Interesting 4chan thread about the 2002 biography of Epstein's child procuror's Mossad agent father: "Robert Maxwell, Israel's Superspy" by Gordon Thomas
Baron Trump's marvellous underground journey, Created / PublishedBoston, Lee and Shepard, 1893.
Study concludes that the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA)'s assessment that aspartame is safe, was based on cherrypicking papers
Jeffrey Epstein’s “entire fortune, the whole spectacle, may stem from (and perhaps may not go beyond) somehow brainwashing or casting a spell over a single billionaire.”
It’s About the Benjamins — Trump’s Smearing of Congresswomen Demonstrates Israel’s Influence in US Politics
Conspiracy related book recommendations!
Architectural Digest features 40m dollar Hamptons home with children's 'performance' theater, and kids air lounge with hydraulic swings.
The Devil Told Me We're Being Controlled By Aliens
Movements and campaigns?
James Clapper Suggests Mueller Was "Just a Figurehead" and Didn't Even Write His Own Report: Mueller's embarrassing testimony - during which he admitted he wasn't even familiar with Fusion GPS - is being panned by Republicans and Democrats alike.
"CIA archives contain the Air Force’s SECRET sales pitch for getting stationed at Area 51"
Sr. Google Engineer Goes Public to Expose Systemic Bias, Immediately Placed on Administrative Leave: "Algorithms don’t write themselves – we write them to do what we want them to do.”
South China Sea Time Bomb Threatens To Go Off | naked capitalism. By David Llewellyn-Smith, originally published at MacroBusiness.
DECLAS Begins: Trump on Hannity says Barr has Full Declas Power, Simultaneously this "RAWSIGINT" doc is DeClassified 22 years Ahead of Schedule. Look closely at Signatures and Dates. [BOOM!]
Google Confirms They Use Algorithms to Censor: Senior Google software engineer turned whistleblower dismisses the idea that Big Tech is “politically neutral” and calls Google “very biased": "Are we going to just let the biggest tech companies decide who wins every election from now on?”
Blue Sky
Imam of Peace claims Qatar and Ilhan Omar are working together to claim Saudi Arabia, VP Pence and DOnald Trump Jr are trying to smear her.
Pedophilia legalized in Canada?!
The Word "Christian" But not "Muslim" Now Banned From Youtube Ads
The CIA's "Intelligence Authorization Act" Would Criminalize Whistleblowers and Reporters: "Adam Schiff is putting the interests of the intelligence agencies in concealing their misdeeds ahead of protecting the rights of ordinary Americans by criminalizing routine reporting by the press."
Should we stop supporting Israel? / How to Stop a Genocide Step 2
Baron Trump's Marvellous Underground Journey FULL AUDIOBOOK ENGLISH on YouTube
Saw this over at /r/HighStrangeness and thought I'd share. It's very odd. "So, there's a book from over 100yrs ago about a young president named trump...but there's more"
List of 100+ weather modification patents
Epstein placed among most dangerous inmates; killer cop being questioned re: suicide attempt
Another issue Trump has betrayed his supporters on, and switched to the Establishment/NWO position -- vaccines. Trump's FDA head moves to eliminate vaccine exemptions, making them mandatory. The FDA is pressuring states, causing many states to pass laws eliminating vaccine exemptions.
Is it just me, or does anyone else thing that towing icebergs to the Middle East for water is simply accelerating the polar ice depletion?
Husband of Nickelodeon founder flew on Epsteins private jet, created HBO doc "Talking sex, with your kids" in 1982. plus a LOT more.
Introduction to Conspiracies - My Guide
A Quick Poll On How You Think Sam Cooke Died
Ever wonder why Epstein never opened his mouth in public?
How the UN betrayed Belgian Whites and Western Civilisation in the Congo. Katanga: The Untold Story (1967)
The Holocaust® narrative is reaching its expiration date. In this case, they are using a "victim" who was 2 years old when WWII started to push their agenda.
Good podcast about the Epstein case
What are your thoughts on Alex Jones, you reckon he is speaking facts or he’s just full of shit? Curious to hear your opinions.
MP who was forced to resign after being caught having secret meetings with Israelis given job of home secretary.
Over 1,400 Rabbis Sign Letter Supporting Illegal Immigration in the US. Of course, Israel still has some of the strictest immigration policies in the world.
How the UN betrayed Belgian Whites in the Congo. Katanga: The Untold Story (1967)
Fraction of fact checks over time
Russia targeted all 50 states in 2016 election hacking campaign, Senate report confirms
Five new Knesset members renounce foreign citizenship. Why is it that Israel bans dual-citizens from serving in its legislature but encourages them to serve in Congress?
So is America and Isreal the only "conspiracy-theory" based countries?
YouTube Channel recommendations ?
Multiple Posts of the same information
Was she raped by Jeffrey Epstein?
I'm so happy to get this. coming soon that day. I love trend. BTW how is my shirt?
What is going on with Epstein?
Gay Germ Theory
Thought's on my friend's conspiracy theories
BBC banned Johnny Rotten in 1978 for telling the truth about Jimmy Savile
BBC banned Johnny Rotten in 1978 for telling the truth about Jimmy Savile
Area 51 project blue beam
It is just as foolish to believe everything people say here as it is to believe everything the mainstream media or officials say.
Is fluoride in tap water the biggest undercover conspiracy going on right now? We are being not only mentally and emotionally blinded, but now physically. Fluoride blinds our 3rd eye (pineal gland). But good thing it helps us prevent cavities (who knows If that’s even true)
What is this??
What is something people believe that you find crazy?
joe rogan explains why black women are more likely to get hired then white men
Boris Johnson says he has 'no idea' why he met with Cambridge Analytica - He met with then-CEO Alexander Nix in 2016 when he was Foreign Secretary
Clinton Foundation Financial Crimes Investigator FBI agent reportedly dies of suicide despite having "at least" one gunshot
Space relations: A slightly gothic interplanetary tale by Donald [Barr]
As I was searching on the YouTube "Reddit mysteries" and sorted them in upload date order I came across this. What is this??
Future tech is the conduit of elites to the end.
Actual conspiracies are lumped in with crazy shit like magic and aliens to delegitimize any skeptics and free tinkers, and make anyone doubting the status quo be seen as one of the crazies.
Google Autocomplete.. changed back?
Two dozen US Marines arrested &amp; questioned in human smuggling, drugs probe at California border base
The truth about Hollywood- casting couches and corruption leads to a false view of celebrities
I remember in college years ago I had a special guest lecture with a very famous celebrity photographer. When fielded questions, was asked who was the worst person you ever had to photograph. Without hesitation: "Oprah" ...then into detail of how she stormed in and out bc her demands weren't met.
The thing about WW2
A Bizarre Discovery
What separates the line between conspiracy and fiction?
Arizona
Ideology although prehistoric will continue to be the primary factor in world order and global power: survival of the fittest
Epstein Funding Neurolink Tech, Elon Musk Related?
When talking about Acosta to the press, Trump says he meet him when he made the deal to bring him on board. So, he didn't really know him. Who advised Trump to consider Acosta?
Qeustion about Trump/Acosta
It's been a while since we've been scared with a pandemic virus
The “lizard-people” theories and other exaggerated conspiracies are paid feds, to maintain that conspiracy’s theorist are “nut-jobs” included: how to spot a fed
Elon Musk already has Neuralink.
Johnny Rotten talks about Jimmy Savile in 1978!
Qanon had stated a while ago how we will laugh when we find out who runs/ran North Korea. It’s got to be Disney.
This is white liberalism. This is art. This is Feminism.
Imam Tawhidi just tweeted this... It is regarding Qatari officials and members of the US congress.
Qanon had mentioned how we will laugh when we realize who really runs/ran North Korea. It’s got to be Disney.
Northrop Grumman has all the answers you are seeking and they know you will eventually try to stop them. They want it. They are The Breakaway Civilization and their plan will end up killing billions. Godspeed.
Where did the, post go about conspiracies and what we, are?
Palm lines, left hand is your divine path, Right hand is your actualized path. Compare, if they super different, you fucking up.
Is Youtube Color for Kids videos still being researched?
The Anti-Mansplaining chair was made by Russia to fuel hatred towards woman.
A Discussion about Red Pilling
Reddit is censoring content on behalf of the Pakistani government
Google's naked mockery and attack on the word and meaning of the word 'Patriotism' is a direct assault on the divinely inspired sense of connectedness that 89% of Americans share with each other.
The Montauk &amp; Philadelphia Experiments
Since people keep asking...
Since people keep asking...
The Family: It's Not About Faith, It's About Power | Official Trailer | Netflix
What I truly think is going on
in my opinion, mainstream media is overly pumping Joe Biden. don't get me wrong, Trump is a horrible president, so was Obama, W.Bush, Clinton, HW.Bush &amp; Reagan (every president of my lifetime).
How Jeffrey Epstein Used the Billionaire Behind Victoria’s Secret for Wealth and Women
Tulsi Gabbard, Was the Most Searched for Candidate After the First Debate, Google then Deactivated Her Ad Account, She's Suing for $50 Million.
Don't worry, "there is no dual loyalty"
FBI found bucket of human heads, body parts sewn together at donation facility
Hollywood Insider Part 3. Tarantino Movie Real Ending.
For decades, Israel has been attempting to manipulate the US into attacking Iran over allegations that Iran is attempting to build a clandestine nuclear arsenal. The hypocrisy is palpable.
Wonder what Chelsea Clinton has to say about this one
Why is it that BDS is being banned?
Question to Who Believes the “Holocaust” Was Real
To The Stars Academy claims to have acquired materials "not from any known existing military or commercial application."
Brazil: Bolsonaro says his phones were hacked amid fallout over leaked chats
anyone feel like ASAP Rocky getting arrested and charged is also to help distract the media? Especially a following such as we are and the things he promotes 👁.
So, there's a book from over 100yrs ago about a young president named trump...but there's more
Another day, another Trump nominee pushing for backdoors into your private devices.
This is interesting. Maybe just a prank, maybe not?
Rudy Giuliani says he has transcripts proving that there were attempts to frame Donald Trump Jr.
Mass Arrest of U.S. Marines currently underway on Camp Pendleton, CA
"The Great Hack" on Netflix show us how big tech compagny have WAY too much power on our lives/gouvernements.
Just another day and r/news censoring submissions that don't align with Reddit's agenda. "Already submitted". Not. A new Oberlin college verdict.
Border Patrol sets up Checkpoints 90+ Miles from Border, Detain U.S. Citizen almost a Month
Chainless Slaves: Trauma Programming Manual
The Holocaust never happened...
Johnny Rotten talking about Jimmy Savile in 1978!
No chemtrails for this past week, nothing but clear blue skies. What gives?
Outrage fatigue and the pedophile scandal
The Washington Post Says If You're Critical of President Trump and Oppose War With Iran, You're Most Likely An Iranian Disinformation Sock Puppet.
&lt;iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/esKnWAIgpLY" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;
Argentina Paradox
When it was revealed that Disney Cruises made stops at Little St. James Island (Epstein's island), I was reminded of this incident where a child went missing on one of their cruise ships despite having a special RFID tracking band.
Why would Life South lie about my blood type?
Former Disney VP sentenced for child sex abuse investigation (Epstein relation?)
The Great Presidential Golf Conspiracy
"Caught In The Act" Released Reports Expose Bill Clinton, Prove He and Epstein Have Always Been In Bed
I went down the rabbit hole to disprove the Holocaust deniers. And I found some shocking things.
What is the best video or documentary to introduce someone to PedoGate/Pizzagate?
Esoteric meaning of the Two-Headed Eagle??
Who is really to blame for 9/11?
Former CIA agent Robert Steele claims Epstein's death will be faked and he will be returned to Israel in secret to continue raping children
Chainless Slaves: Trauma Programming Manual
If you're new to 'conspiracies', this is what's going on
Nothing will ever get me to support execution by the state
Tom DeLonge's To The Stars Academy says it has acquired metamaterials from an "advanced aerospace vehicle of unknown origin"
The Real Reason Autism Diagnoses Is Growing Exponentially ?
Julie Brown, the Miami Herald reporter who broke open the Epstein story, has been getting millions of Facetime calls. Meanwhile, Alan Dershowitz has been trying to discredit her work.
Sounds accurate
Earth's changing climate will be significantly beneficial for the Russian Federation.
More conscious lyrics
1 minute 11 seconds of pure masterful bars
WTF is Happening? First FBI Suicide MSM reports delayed for 7 days. Now it turns out Epstein Suicide occurred 7 days ago [During BLACKOUT]: Watch at 33:08 in Video!
Mauritius Leaks exposes tiny tax haven's role in vast offshore system - ICIJ
Trump speaks in front of fake presidential seal mysteriously manipulated to feature Russian eagles and golf clubs | The Independent
Marijuana is going to lower population
I feel like this needs to be said, in regards to users posting sources to claims.
Same library somebody posted about the other day?
[U.S.] Any chance somebody could decipher the 'legal speak' of this recently declassified document regarding NSA/IC use/transfer of raw SIGINT data and ELI5 the main points for the general public?
This sub is butthole (Removed)
fake currency prank - psyop or just a huge coincidence?
Trans Woman In Genital Waxing Case Applies For Permit To Host Semi-Nude Public Pool Party With Children (This is the power that protected minority status gives people)
What Happened to Jeffery Epstein?
What happened to?
the Copiales cipher
John F. Kennedy was a lizard man
The Government Should Fear The People Not Other Way Around!
16 Marines Arrested For Smuggling Drugs And People Across The Border
Orthodox Woman Named NSA Cybersecurity Chief
Banned for acknowledging the Armenian genocide
Two dummies in front of a green screen
I’m having a hard time explaining how insane this whole Epstein thing is to my friends
Pedophilia / human trafficking
Has anybody watched band of brothers.
Would you believe there are ‘visitors’ communicating on Reddit that were not born on Earth?
AG Barr Reinstates Federal Death Penalty, Immediately Schedules 5 Executions “Additional executions will be scheduled at a later date,” the DOJ said.
Imam Mohammad Tawhidi Exposing Ilhan Omar Colluding With Qatar
Jeffrey Epstein analysis: Found In Fetal Position, Semi-Conscious w/Marks Around Neck (unique take)
Sixteen Marines are arrested during battalion formation at Camp Pendleton for 'involvement in a human smuggling and drugs trafficking ring'
United States of Israel
United States of ISRAEL
How did Jeffery Epstein Get to his Private Island?
Been hearing every day the US is the hottest it’s ever been on the planet... Ever! Propaganda designed to make you scared to give your power over to faceless NGOs that promise to save the world from something they never really define....
Wikileaks: Mueller personally delivered a sample of seized highly-enriched uranium (HEU) to Russian authorities.
How Robby Wells derails good ideas
Both prosecutors and defense counsel want to enter into a 9-page protective order in the Jeffrey Epstein case. The government says it wants to protect against compromising “ongoing investigations against uncharged individuals.”
16 California Marines Arrested On Charges Of Human Trafficking, Drugs And Other Crimes
Glossalalia?
X-Post from r/Austin: ["Someone shot themselves at Container Bar on Rainey last night?"] Clinton FBI Investigator Shoots Himself in Head on Dance Floor
Boycott All Swedish Companies and Products Until A$AP Rocky Is Released
South Africa passes law to legally steal land from whites in parliament today
I feel that black people are trained to attack white people in the United States of America.
3 in 1 Conspiracy - Before Epstein's Island, there was that Beach House in Solona, California. Trump Coup, Iran/Contra and JFK Assassination.
Jeffrey Epstein &amp; A Clear US History Of Sexual Blackmail Infiltrating And Controlling Politics
"Little girl you don’t know what you’re getting into" ... Florida Lawmaker says she’s been told to back off call for probe of Jeffrey Epstein’s work release
Epstein in 1993 gets sentenced for stealing people's checks from the mail.
“I was told Epstein ‘belonged to intelligence’ and to leave it alone.”
When Pizzagate is real but you’ve had enough already.
Are we done being gaslit by the ruling class now?
YouTube censoring Anti-Violence channels because ( Israel )
A document that was ordered to be classified until the year 2041, signed by James Clapper and Loretta Lynch just after Trump won the election, has now been declassified.
Puzzle #1 [Ω]
Chainlink Videos
"Little girl you don’t know what you’re getting into" ... Florida Lawmaker says she’s been told to back off call for probe of Jeffrey Epstein’s work release
Trump appears in front of altered presidential seal saying '45 is a puppet'
The Hidden Dangers of Hops in Beer
Epstein able to just wave a wand and offer $100 million *cash* for a bail.. and they turn him down?
The truth on herd immunity and the measles hysteria-from a Pro-vax, Pro-educated stance
The truth on heard immunity and measles hysteria-from a Pro-vax, Pro-educated stance
Climate scientist lost their job for refusing to hide climate crisis facts.
Before you get your hopes up for Tulsi Gabbard, watch this.
Bug
99% of this sub is here to keep people running on a hamster wheel of BS.
I'm getting really freaked out and paranoid, someone please talk to me.
New take on the glitter industry conspiracy.
Black people unstructured &amp; Lost??
Epstein Clinton Suicide
Democratic Presidential Candidate Tulsi Gabbard Files Massive Lawsuit Against Google
Ilhan Omar: White Men are more dangerous to America than Jihadist Terrorist
Is Ilhan Elmi (Omar) a puppet of Quatar? Check this thread from Imam Mohamad Tawhidi
Google Must Be Stopped | Tulsi is suing Google for $50 million after claims of interference.
George Carlin on Conservative Politics
Here is the Truth
George Carlin on feminism, free speech, and war. The properties of language as mind control.
Here's the FULL "Russian Seal" Video Intro: "President Trump Welcomed At Turning Point USA" [Double-Headed Eagle Appears At End]
'A Small Part Of A Serious Problem': Criminals Hired As Police Officers In Alaska
Robert Mueller’s Role in Obscuring the 9/11 Evidence Trail
Small victory today, we can cheers
Holocaust denial is becoming the new flat earth, but instead of conflating science fiction schizophrenia with conspiracy culture, it’s hatred of Jewish people.
"TULSI2020: In the hours following the 1st debate, while millions of Americans searched for info about Tulsi, Google suspended her search ad account w/o explanation. It is vital to our democracy that big tech companies can’t affect the outcome of elections " - Tulsi on Twitter
Unthinkable in any democracy: Justice Minister Sergio Moro is commanding the investigation into our journalism even though his corruption is what we've exposed. He's threatening to revise a dictatorship-era national security law to arrest me for reporting
I'm no mathematician but thats a little short of 6 gorillion...
Which one will be the best for the area51 event? Please Suggest me.
What Do You Guys Know About Trump's Personal Mentor and Attorney Roy Cohn? Did Epstein Get His Blueprints From Him?
Looking for more information: Joseph Epstein’s cellmate’s (Nicholas Tartaglione, questioned today about Epstein’s attempted suicide) lawyer’s name is Bruce Barket. Founding partner of Barket Epstein. Why would a high profile pedo &amp; an ex cop accused of murdering 4 people be sharing a cell?
Israel was caught hacking elections and using psygroups predecessor and Cambridge Analytica to sway elections. This same thing happened in the 2016 election.
Dr. Robert Epstein recommends private search engines Startpage.com &amp; DuckDuckGo in U.S. Senate testimony about Google
Small victory today folks. We can cheers
Whoa - Imam on Twitter claims US Congresswoman communicating with Qatar (thread)
There seems to be quite a strong anti-Trump element in this subreddit. Any other opinion is double-digit downvoted. Got me thinking: what do you think the country would be like if Hillary won?
16 US Marines arrested for alleged crimes including human smuggling and drug-related offenses
Everything is corrupt because humans are, by nature, corrupt.
Epstein and Kissinger's wife join Rockefeller university
Theory: Russia is using climate change to gain power.
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm
It could be a conspiracy.
DOJ reinstating federal death penalty starting with 5 child murderers.
Naztec - This is certainly worth a watch ~ what do you think it may be with a full skeleton body.
Relax guys, this is just a simulation.
We went from "bake my cake, bigot " to "wax my ball's, bigot" really freaking fast.
Israel is FUCKED
Hmmm...
Oh boy here we go
Tulsi suing Google for deactivating her ad account after first Democratic debate
Shoutout to r/AskVet for banning me for posting a good piece of information regarding the current DCM scare. 👌🏻
Well....this seems pretty massive and unexpected
Climate change is all a cover to the chemtrails they are gonna have to constantly spray to keep their 5G weaponized mind/body control system running
Idaho Power can make it snow — increasing water reserves, powering homes. But is it safe?
Im calling it now. Failed Assassination Attempt by one of Epsteins Powerful Connections....
Do y’all remember TruthSeeker1488? He was a shill given immunity to post racist/anti Semitic content here. Many believed in an attempt to get the sub shut down or portray us as intolerant. The top post is a Stonetoss comic. ST is an alt right comic that posts sexist, racist and pro Nazi material.
Did you ever think the storming of Area 51 idea has something to do with a promotion of a movie or something?
Just a test because I can’t get a response from the mods, to see if the reddit overlords targeted my last post because of the content (related to DOJ reinstating federal death penalty targeting child murderers) or it just got caught up in their spam filters.
Recent Shackleford video shows a groundskeeper. Wonder how many people are still working on the island?
I was watching the film Eagle Eye the other night when thought of the machine from the movie could be “Q”
Old tricks
Jefferey Epstein And The Dalton School Connection
Time traveler from the year 6000
In need of a distraction, Trump administration announces plan to resume federal executions one day after Mueller’s testimony.
So if Mueller didn’t run the investigation or even write his own report, why did everyone from the FBI to the DOJ play along for two years as if he did?
Clearly Russia is stepping up their game. But do Americans really care is the question. Clearly not with the poop show currently going on and the blind eyes being turned regularly.
The Real Truth - Ground Breaking Video
Government by Blackmail: Jeffrey Epstein, Trump’s Mentor and the Dark Secrets of the Reagan Era | Whitney Webb in MINTPRESSNEWS
Just more being swept under the rug
522,000...
Whats your guess as to what makes his pupils so dilated? Remember, he is under bright lights so they should be quite small.
Dust Turns to the North Tower
It happened and we did notice! Welcome to the Forth Reich!
Why is nobody talking about the Act of 1871?
Repent
HIGHER CONSCIOUSNESS | DAMIAN KANATI HUNTING WOLF
Stories from World War II continues to fascinate and intrigue historians and researchers alike. Not only on the battlefield. Stories without a plausible or obvious explanation. Strange lights in the sky, unexplained disappearances, secret experiments. Secrets kept hidden to the present day.
List of Clinton associates who have died mysteriously
My first post just saw this don’t know if posted already
The blatant war against the white race. The Satanic NWO elites want to destroy the white race (via mass immigration and race-mixing) not only because the European peoples are the biggest obstacle to the NWO agenda, but because the European peoples are the true descendants of the Israelites
Don't recall seeing Epstein's second Caribbean Island on the asset list he provided to the court
In the last 24 hours, the federal government has admitted to falsely detaining an American born citizen AND reinstating federal executions.
The Real Truth
The Socialist are wining the narrative war.
Former Fox News Reporter is suing New York Times, Anderson Cooper, &amp; other MSM for defamation over his Seth Rich coverage
[request] what 9-11 media / documents should I download to create a comprehensive collection of evidence about the truth ? Since they are scrubbing the evidence already .
Turkey gets Enes Kanter's Long Island Basketball camp cancelled because of his opposition to their government.
New Richard D Hall documentary: "Gambling with Paedophiles" (part 1) - examining the Madeline McCann coverup
Jeffrey Epstein found with neck injuries in his jail cell. They’re calling it a suicide attempt.
God commanded that each species/race was to reproduce "after their kind". Race-mixing and genetic tampering is a Satanic agenda to destroy the species/races as they were created by God.
The obligatory Gulf War &amp; 911 post.
Ay Tone
Snopes factcheck article on Rachel Chandler doesnt outright say the claims are false
[Meta] What happened to the custom styling of this sub? Am I the only one that is seeing that?
The Act Of 1871;The United States Isn't a Country — It's a Corporation!
Clinton body count trends on twitter and dems blame Russians, unreal.
Lawmaker says she’s been told to back off call for probe of Jeffrey Epstein’s work release
Why did the Department of Homeland Security purchase billion of dollars worth of ammunition?
Found an r/conspiracy lurker out in the wild. Yes that’s tin foil under his cap.
Tipped your hand Barr tipped your hand.
What If Consciousness Comes First?
If you all journalism is 100% truth and no one gets paid to write an article, head over to Rotten Tomatoes and look at the "Blinded by the Light" reviews.
Tesla Motor Company psychological operation is pretty amazing.
my thoughts on the world agenda &amp; connections ive made. wanting to provoke thoughts, maybe positively piss people off &amp; get more gears turning to a better world. or maybe this has all been put together by another user &amp; i’m just an echo but i’m hoping it’s read with an open mind &amp; reaches someone.
Trump Spoke in Front of Presidential Seal Edited With Symbols of Russia and Golf
Qlue?
#ClintonBodyCount is trending on twitter
My journey (and a request for help) into the Epstein Story almost 4 years ago
I'm a scientist. Under Trump I lost my job for refusing to hide climate crisis facts | Maria Caffrey
Orwellian 1967 population control plan to reduce the birth rates of (White) Americans
Jeffrey Epstein Visited Clinton White House Multiple Times in Early ’90s
My posts and comments are getting auto removed whenever I mention a specific person
What if we are living in the End Times the Bible talks about?
FBI Agent Salvatore Cincinelli Committed "Suicide" while there were Undercover FBI agents present at the night club.
Anyone remember Warren Pollock?
It seems with the advent of 'digital currency' and how just about anyone can start one, this is what's needed for total control of the 'corporate citizen'. With the creation of libracoin (facebook) for example, what will stop them for giving discounts to employee's that use it at corporate stores.
Jeffrey Epstein's suicide attempt was failed Clintoscide.
DOJ resuming federal executions starting with 5 child murderers.
Tic Toc [Boomerang Suicide]
Jeffrey Epstein Is Found Unconscious in Jail Cell
The massive leak of user’s data on the platform YouHodler
More Crazy Days &amp; Nights Blind Items - CDAN. (Saved from Summer 2018 and Earlier). Mostly of the "Epstein milieu"
YouTube “Trending” is trash. People of YT would rather watch Joe Rogan’s latest episode over CNN’s propaganda coverage , despite CNN being pinned to YT’s front page.
UFO. Look at the sunset. Cloud looks like a dragon. Zoom in on the dragons “ear”. 4 pictures of this thing moving then the rectangle shape with orb of light turns sideways.
Hypothesis: Could there be any evidence that the autism “epidemic” was artificially induced?
If You Thought Quantum Mechanics Was Weird, You Need to Check Out Entangled Time: Non-locality and entanglement are not restricted just to space, but also incorporate *time*...perhaps we are finally figuring out the bizarre relationship between consciousness and the flow of time.
Trump speaks in front of a presidential seal doctored to look like the Russian coat of arms
This is the future folks...C'mon...everybody's doin it!!!
Yesterday, some of the only people who voted NAY on the Anti-BDS bill in order to protect the American peoples Constitutional right to boycott/protest Israel were Ilhan Omar, RashidaTlaib and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez
Hypothesis: Could there be any evidence that the autism “epidemic” was artificially induced?
You cannot obstruct a fake crime
New York Times Researchers to Tackle 'Fake News' With Blockchain Technology
The $5 Billion Facebook fine isnt enough
Netflix new "Documentary" The Great Hack is possible Election interference? And to change peoples minds on Brexit?
Surely all of us know Area 51 raid isn’t going to happen . What you guys really think is going happen the day the raid is scheduled to take place !?
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Those damn Christians, taking 38 billion in "aid", starting foreign wars, subverting Western society, fostering moral decline, and fabricating our history...
Why is nobody talking about trumps links to Epstein?
Why in the "free world" is one single country allowed to get away with things that would have any other country sanctioned by most of the planet?
Mueller confirms Q!
If all this Qanon stuff is real..
A picture is worth a thousand words.
9 Seconds cut from Video of Vegas Officer Brosnahan in Paddock's room by NY Times and AP?
Disney cruises stopped at Epstein’s island
Why'd he stop...?
A video of democrats reading the Mueller report. Clearing the president from collusion and obstruction
EXCLUSIVE: Jeffrey Epstein Visited Clinton White House Multiple Times in Early ’90s
Epstein found unconscious in cell with neck injuries....
Don't mind me, just posting scriptures from the Jewish Talmud.
Is Chester bennington related to Jon Podesta? I know it's been talked about. Top is Chester with that old face crap someone did.
I am calling dibs on the 12:30 time slot to post the Epstein injured story. 12:29 and 12:31 are still available.
Jon Stewart video
It’s so predictable it’s funny
Eric Trump Reportedly Bragged About Access to $100 Million in Russian Money
WHY THE FUCK WAS HE IN GEN POP?
Is nobody mad that the five dollar footlong is gone? Subway has slowly jacked up prices and nobody seems to care.
Interesting...
Why so Many People Think Epstein Was a Spy for an Intelligence Agency
To the utter shock of nobody, someone tried to kill Jeffrey Epstein in jail already.
Suspect in recent Canada Serial Killings is a Nazi Hitler-Lover (Recent Development)
Tucker: Democrats believed Mueller would save America
US Military is now no longer king of the budget spending.
Baking Soda and Schizophrenia!
Why does this thing have 8 awards?
Try finding this picture of Eppstein and Clinton with Google. You won’t find it.
Epstein Suicide Note Photo Leaked
John McAfee Has Reportedly Been Detained By Authorities
Carola Rackete, is former german singer Daniel Küblbock
How Convenient for certain People...
SATURN MATRIX CONFIRMED???
With words like "con" and "piracy" in it - the word "conspiracy" itself was probably coined by the powers-that-be themselves to create a negative impression regarding the movement.
Waste your time on left and right, Trump and Obama, when corporations couldn't care less. Arguments are nothing more than a distraction
California law allows 10 year old girls to be married.
Is Zion Williamson making the triple 6 hand sign in this new image being shown everywhere to advertise his new $70 million deal with Air Jordan brand?
Jeffrey Epstein found nearly unconscious in NYC jail cell after possible suicide attempt
How can music be helpful to the world at large in this timeline?
Don't give me that crap about security, just put the backdoors in the encryption, roars US Attorney General - Mandated government access to all your personal communications coming soon.
Bonanza media investigative team of independent journalists take exclusive interviews with one of the suspects of downing the MH17, Malaysian prime minister; colonel that collected black boxes and much more.
Jeffrey Epstein megathread.
Epstein apparently attempted “suicide”
How can we spread the truth to the general public?
Inside Epstein's Temple: no gym, no piano or music area, but six old mattresses piled on top of one another
Citation help Google scholar profile improve scholar citation
Video uploaded in 2007 of a certain p1zza shop (way before any of the hype) where you can hear a child screaming, HELP ME!
The Real Truth - Ground Breaking Video
Good thing netflix is looking into christian influence and not our greatest ally.
What Fox News Doesn't Want You To Know
Amazon will give you $5K in free smart home tech and more when you buy a house
FBI found ‘bucket of heads, arms and legs,’ bodies sewn together at Ariz. body donation facility, agent says
What Fox News Doesn't Want You To Know
I think I just realized why they haven't been able to create a New World Order..
What if the real Bob Lazar never came on TV?
Wow compare googling for images using [shopped holocaust fake hoax] and doing it in duckduckgo. Google is hiding all the evidence!
How does the Hanging Pillar of India work? Anti-gravity? Levitation?
The United States of America is Run by the Knights Templars
Jeffrey Epstein found injured in New York jail cell
How did Trump end up in front of a presidential seal doctored to include a Russian symbol? Not an anti-Trump article. Seriously, how?
EXCLUSIVE: Jeffrey Epstein Visited Clinton White House Multiple Times in Early ’90s
"Jeffery Epstein" is a filtered word in the news sub. All posts with his name in the title are automatically censored.
Warning...Under no circumstances should you ever order "Cheese Pizza" from this sickos DC Pizza Shop!
Helicopter carrying billionaire Chris Cline crashed off the Bahamas just ONE MINUTE after taking off and killed everyone on board when it was summoned from Florida to take his daughter to the hospital
in the lion king i could’ve sworn they sang this part as they lifted simba above the cliff, not as the sun was rising. mandela effect ? or maybe i just have a bad memory
Whitey Bulger was an FBI informant &amp; Robert Mueller was the US Attorney assigned to monitor Bulger. Bulger recently killed in prison. Epstein was FBI informant while Mueller was Director. If anything happens to Epstein he will be 2nd Mueller informant to die in short period of time.
Is this an actual thing? It can't be, can it?
Just a reminder The regular person is plagued by the bankers choices
September 11 – The New Pearl Harbor Full Documentary (Part 1)
Trumps should have a magazine called MAGAzine.
Jeffrey Epstein Offers Insights into the Crime Syndicate Swamp
Weird earthquake activity in Oklahoma
The Saturn Time Cube (MEGATHREAD) Part 2
With the movie just out let's remember how Mr. Rogers pushed the line gunman hypothesis.
What did Reagan do to initiate his attempted assasination?
Epstein suicide attempt
I got in
An intuition?
Is there any hard proof?
Ring a bell
Real Entrance To Epstein's Temple?
Jeffrey Epstein found injured in NY jail cell, report says
Epstein found nearly unconscious in jail.
If you appreciate my Saturn threads please call this dude out in the comments and give me credit... literally stole my work word for word
Are there any good summaries of the whole Epstein situation?
ChemPirate.com
Theory: What if when parents decide to choose the gender of a petri dish baby the baby is more likely to become transgender
Well, that didn’t take too long....
Kameron Cline's illness
Suspect in recent Canada Serial Killings is a Nazi Hitler-Lover (Recent Development)
Epstein found injured. “Suicide” attempt suspected
True Hidden Entrance To Epstein's Temple Found? Theory
Why the F$&amp;@ does every insomnia cookie employee hate their job?
Jeffrey Epstein Found Injured in NYC Jail Cell After Possible Suicide Attempt: Sources
Jeffrey Epstein found injured in New York jail cell after possible suicide attempt
Possible suicide. Who would have seen that coming!
Real Hidden Entrance To Epstein's Temple Found? Theory
Jeffrey Epstein found nearly unconscious in NYC jail cell after possible suicide attempt
Epstein Found Injured on Floor of NYC Jail Cell: Sources
What ABC News shows when a democrat congressman asked Mueller to agree Wikileaks were a “hostile intelligence service”
Epstein Tried to Commit Suicide
Breaking: Jeffrey Epstein attempted to hang himself, found semi-conscious and marks around neck in cell.
Can someone crack what this sign says? Also why the Deathly Hallows?
Humans share 50% of their DNA with bananas. Did humans evolve from Bananas?
Humans share 50% DNA with bananas, Did humans evolve from Bananas?
"Jeffrey Epstein Suspected Of Attempting Suicide In Jail" Here we go. Who here is going to accept an Epstein suicide? Fuck that.
Jeffrey Epstein Found Injured on Floor of NYC Jail
Maybe we are more advanced than we thought
Jeffrey Epstein: Disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein attempts "arkancide" in Manhattan jail | World | News
Any good YouTube channels like Crrow777 ?
This is your mind on the M.I.C.
just curious
Patriots Are Xenophobics??
Ordo ab chao, and shit.
CIA 9/11 Whistleblower Susan Lindauer
Pedo Media: After Eptein's release, articles were published describing him as a selfless and forward-thinking philanthropist with an interest in science by websites like Forbes, National Review and HuffPost
Evolution is a Joke! If you think apes magically evolved into this, then I have some rocks from Mars I'd like to sell you.
Disgraced Jeffrey Epstein Suspected Of Attempting Suicide Behind Bars
Congress voted Trump administration an increase in defense spending between 733 and 750 billion dollars while Trump officials claim they need to save 2.5 billion by cutting food stamps. Its called class war &amp; the duopoly is on their side - don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
"Medicine" does a poor job treating mental illness
Joe Rogan Experience #1325 - Dr. Cornel West
Climate change news: Humans NOT to blame for global warming says SHOCK study |Study has just started, headline makes it sound like it's proven
A popular meme page on Instagram posted this and before I could even get a comment off I was told it was deleted...
White liberal propaganda — still salty about WikiLeaks &amp; still ignoring US meddling in elections globally. We can do it to them but they can’t do it to us! This is next level nationalist delusion. Trump &gt; Hillary/Jeb Bush. Nobody needed Russian Facebook ads to arrive at this conclusion.
John McAfee: "I could bring down the US Government."
Deleted: Nottheonion post with 9.3k votes: "US attorney general says encryption creates security risk"
Why is every add pornography?
President Trump’s response to the Mueller hearing today ends with a very interesting quote.
They are winning!!! This sub is proof.
South Korea: North Korea fires 2 projectiles into sea. Timing seems odd, right after Trump declares victory over the report.
Found this on youtube
It's Obvious Who Will Replace Trump After The Controlled Demolition Of The Economy
This is Big
President Trump calls out Wikileaks "So, WikiLeaks is a hoax, just like everything else. And all of those problems having to do with crime were the biggest hoax of all"
Trump vetoes resolutions by Congress to block arms sales to Saudi Arabia
1996 L.A town hall with C.I.A Director, discussing drug and gun trafficking conducted by the CIA
Robert Muller’s Tactic Exposed
Mueller accidentally admits the investigation was never obstructed
Bitlife conspiracy?
You cannot win back the world for honest people. That's not how the world works, and that's not how the world has ever worked. The world never belonged to honest people, it has always belonged to the evil, unethical, and corrupt for a reason.
First look inside pedophile Epstein's island temple. Doesn't look like a gym to me.
Shackleford video shows ambulance on Epstein's island...
Keep in mind, this country was founded on Greed, not Christianity or any other Religion. Keep this in mind as we move forward.
His name was Seth Rich RIP
Has anybody heard anything about the 2000 epstein documents? Today is the 24th
When someone testifies in front of congress look in the back to see what they were hiding.
the illuminate has been moving effortlessly through us... stay aware 🤞🏽 (mainly a general overview, enjoy/any insight is welcomed :)
Parallel dimensions and demons /dont listen to shills in comments do it for yourself.
Recent upswing in ID required for cash transactions?
Rutger Hauer died the same year his character dies in Blade Runner
Ghislaine Maxwell’s(Epstein’s procurer) nephew Xavier Maxwell Malina worked for Clinton Global Initiative, Obama’s campaign, then got a job in the White House, &amp; now works for Google. Xavier’s mother Christine was a Trustee for the Santa Fe Institute which Epstein was also closely connected with.
Why is it that so many pedophiles have political connections in high places?
This is how much your information is worth. Nothing is free. Facebook to pay record $5 billion U.S. fine over privacy; faces antitrust probe - Reuters
RFP New #hacks channel on IRC - New IRC server, New OPs, New everything.
Jeffrey Epstein: Hiding in Plain Sight
Jeffrey Epstein: Hiding in Plain Sight
Political theater to garner support for censorship...
Conspiracy car
JFK conspiracy theorists will appreciate the names Bagley &amp; Rocca. Key CIA guys responsible for the 50 year coverup. Meet Christina Bagley Rocca, appointed by Bush Jr.
Deleted WorldNews post with 19k votes: "Scientific consensus on humans causing global warming passes 99%"
Boris Johnson is the Prime minister?!? The story of my introduction to him and the peculiarity's surrounding that moment.
You misspelled satanic pagans
The only thing that USA made good to this world is the entertainment domain
Deleted r/gifs post with 6.7k votes: "The Chinese army is being deployed to Hong Kong"
Help
Another theory explaining Epstein’s design choice for his gym temple. Would need to research myself but thought I’d share
Hot new conspiracy: my phone keeps writing kike instead of like. But like we have autocrat to deal with these issues, a friend did it earlier so I have reason to believe this is widespread
Americans don't know who runs Hollywood
John McAfee released after four days of confinement
Everywhere I look these days its a conspiracy
What is your favourite conspiracy theory?
Storming the Area 51 ; The reasons Behind the Extraterrestrial and UFO conspiracy
Why dont the politician get publicly open drug test and lie detector test for the ppl to see how truthful they are considering how important their jobs are for us and the country.
Ricky Bascom Explains why sports is slaverey
Stroming the Area 51 : explaining the Extraterrestrial life/ UFO phenomenum and the disclosure conspiracy
This is both Eugenics &amp; The War on Drugs in a neat little package, hand- delivered to the flatlands every year since the 80’s. This company pays women to be sterilized. Now. Still. In 2019.
MAJOR: Rusty Shackleford's Epstein images contain full exif data (specific dates/times)
Police have been flying drones outside my house... what to do you can see one
FBI agent commits suicide on dance floor.
Democrats should not be criticizing Nunes. He's a poor, brown Latino and everyone on Earth is obligated to feel sorry for him.
Los Angeles Artwork
In the new world order, it is totally normal that one person can be richer than a country.
Government takeover of reddit.com
(Universe 1)&gt;Is This Real Life?&lt;(Universe 2)
Conspiracy Theory Movie - Mel Gibson
*clears throat*
Chainless Slaves: Trauma Programming Manual
Denver International Airport forms the shape of a Swasitka with its landing strips..
Ruth Bader Ginsberg is, Indeed, Alive, for This Interview with NPR.
Vastly unsorted 18gb of data on Epstein/Pedogate/Podesta etc [Archive Everything]
John McAfee Released From Detention
Israel-born Treasury official is at the center of U.S. policies on Iran - the Treasury Department refuses to divulge whether she is still an Israeli citizen
23yo Luke Fitch kills an innocent woman, and it's being swept under the rug.
NASA Occultism
Google's reCaptcha is compromising users’ privacy
Found this on a sidewalk
Did Hitler steal the swastika design from a Dublin, Ireland laundromat?
Does anyone else find it a little odd that posts from this sub are always at the top of your feed?
YouTube considers the catholic teaching on the the Jews for 1500 years, "Sicut Judeais Non", which literally states "No one has the right to harm the Jew" to be "HATE SPEECH". They are engaged in censorship of nonviolent solutions to political problems, in favor of violent ones.
Just released Lost NASA footage from the moon landing
Problematic to expose pedophiles, high level corruption, blackmail, satanism, and all around just messed up stuff. Righhhtttt, you discussing fuck. Twitter is so obviously a controlled narrative.
Oh Hollywood where do you get your ideas from? (Netflix / Blacklist)
Cell phone towers are emitting a specific frequency that is slowing our spiritual growth
Remember when one of Pope Francis’ key advisors Cardinal Francesco Coccopalmerio was arrested?
Anyone have any idea how we win back the world for honest people? (Or at the least, not paedophiles and rapists)
Theranos – Silicon Valley’s Greatest Disaster - Elizabeth Holmes is a sociopath
NASA Alien Proof: Area 51 False Location of ETs
The island or on a set?
NASA Alien Proof: Area 51 False Location of Artifacts
No Surprise: No Federal Charges in Eric Garner Case—The writing has long been on the wall in the infamous police brutality case
Black helicopters !?
Any clue about this
Does anyone else believe that Smosh was responsible for the Virginia Tech shooting?
Another one Arkancided
[Speculation] it would make sense if today's Mueller hearings were deep fake videos and audio.
A recap of all the recent UFO news stories
Mueller is a "Dave"
Noticed this in 9/11 Documentary 102 Minutes That Changed America (https://68films.net/movie/102-minutes-that-changed-america/ "The Pentagon says an Unmanned" can't see the rest...
Here's the REAL conspiracy about Mueller: he and the Democrats are on Trump's side and this investigation was a sham, like the 9/11 or Warren Commissions. Nobody wants to believe it cuz everyone's too partisan to admit both parties are rotten to the core and after the same things
Judge Tracie Hunter
Anyone else get the feeling Trump is going to be murdered?
Rachel Chandler now officially and directly connected to Jeffrey Epstein human trafficking network
With Mueller testifying, I'd like to remind you why he can't be trusted. Trump hired Israeli Saudi firms to participate in America's election. This is illegal. Like Mueller did for 9/11, he again is doing to cover Saudi Israeli illegalities and screwing our democracy. Trump and Mueller are hacks.
With Muellers Testimony a sham, I'd like to rind you of how Trump colluded with Israel Saudi in the election. Mueller covered this up to use Russia as a boogeyman. Trump illegally used foreign Intel to participate in America's election undermining our democracy and Mueller covered it up.
With muellers Testimony, if like to remind everyone of why he is a hack. He had loads of evidence the Trump campaign hired Israeli Saudi firms linked to their state Intel to help. This is illegal. Those same firms hacked and manipulated African elections. Mueller is covering for Israel Saudi.
What do you think will "end" us: WW3,Climate change etc?
John Dillinger died in 1934 - An Early Victim Of Climate Change
Which subs do you think have the most intentional political agitators?
Why the Epstein-Mossad Honey Trap Story Has Disappeared
A High School student in America was required to write the Islamic conversion creed on a written assignment, saying, "There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah." [Going to the Supreme Court]
A High School student in America was required to write the Islamic conversion creed on a written assignment, saying, "There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah." [Going to the Supreme Court]
I've been thinking too much and I feel confused and overwhelmed lately
Wow! If you don’t believe that the Illuminati is real, then watch this video.
Robert Mueller testifies: Live updates
School District Refuses CEO's Offer to Pay Off School Lunch Debt for Parents
Barr: Mueller asked for guidance on testimony
DoorDash Says It’s Very Sorry You Noticed Its Tip-Skimming Scheme
Pinterest
Hong Kong is a quagmire
The Knights Templar
What did he done this time?
A few Crazy Days and Nights Blinds from about a year ago. Kamala loves her some sex trafficking.
The Unidentified Bullingdon Club Member
A video case study on current deep state brainwashing
Fundamentalism/Religious Dogma
US attorney general says encryption creates security risk
Been seeing a lot of these signs in North County, San Diego. Which one of y’all is doing this?
The Hypebeast Preacher Epidemic
This isn't a government, this is a corporate takeover.
Not Exonerated!
Trump’s hand picked Attorney General Barr wants backdoors to your home devices.
Call of duty was just a government made training program released as a video game just to train the next generation of marines and soldiers without us knowing
Tim Pool on twitter: "Its almost like Mueller does this shit on purpose He created two soundbites which will divide the tribes even further People will choose which soundbite fits their worldview"
Ryan Dawson Banned On YouTube
James Corbett Interviews writer and journalist Glyn Moody to discuss his recent TechDirt article, EU Looking To Regulate Everything Online, And To Make Sites Proactively Remove Material.
Is raiding Area 51 a government set to get control over memes?
The Just World Fallacy: Why People Bash Assange And Defend Power
All this time looking for the Holy Grail. Well here it is.
Did Pentagon Create Lyme Disease? Congress Wants To Know
Hong Kong riots.
Any good conspiracy theories on the book House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Any Russians Or Russian-Speakers Know Or Can Find Out Moue About This Scandal Involving The Russian Truther Youtuber 'Illuminati Insider'?
Rep. Jim Jordan heavily implying Joseph Mifsud is either Western or Russian Intel Officer
Unacknowledged available on Netflix
Unsealed Epstein Docs
Remember When The Owner of the Twin Towers Replaced the Contract He Had With One Of The Most Experienced Elevator Companies in The World, with a Small Start-up Leading up to 9/11?
New Drone Footage of Epstein Island by John McAfee
[imgur.Album]Anthony Bordain: "I'd Poison Trump &amp; Kim Jong-un ... If They Asked Me to Cater" 9/8/2017 Dead 9 months later on the 8th (6/8/2018)
Netflix's "The Great Hack", a doc about Cambridge Analytica that was surely produced by the real winners of the information war: ShareBlue, CorrectTheRecord, etc... firms that are never mentioned. One side is constantly demonized while the other gets a pass by all large MSM and social media outlets.
Nuclear power lobbying and astroturf efforts intensify around the world
If Epstein is MOSSAD, how might he get out of this mess?
Pro-nuclear power lobbying and astroturf kicking into overdrive globally
My YouTube recommended videos are about living with Schizophrenia.
Here Are The People Who Are Banking Off Israel's Occupation of Syria
Donald Trump’s hand picked Attorney General wants backdoors into your home devices.
Mueller’s History of Cover-Ups
XR Token at Alterdice Cryptocurrency Exchange!🔥🔥
Mueller just committed perjury
"It was a Brennan operation." Seymour Hersh w/ Ed Butowsky on the origins of the Trump-Russia witch hunt.
Secretive World Bank tribunal ordered Pakistan to pay a mining company $5.8 billion — nearly as much as a recent IMF loan — to resolve ambiguous dispute. Two weeks earlier Pakistan had cancelled harsh austerity measures dictated by IMF.
This picture that sums up how the elite roll in a tight circle
Goodbye
How Big Pharma plays games with drug patents and how to combat it
What is wrong with Mueller?
Do you think the government has ever released a disease to the population purposefully, if so what and why?
The Unacknowledged
Does anyone have a good starting point on information about the Freemasons?
Did The Pentagon Create Lyme Disease? If so, do you think it was released in the US on purpose or by accident? What're the chances that The Pentagon actually admits to this if they did it?
The people paying attention have become skeptical of the MSM (that includes reddit) tying Trump into every trending controversy because that same MSM (especially reddit) has spent the last 3 years pushing their fake Trump-Russia hoax. Don't blame us for paying attention.
Do you all like Murray from Stranger Things?
A picture is worth a million words.
The LSM may sell you these guys as "liberal" but they are mouthpieces of the military industrial complex. DON'T BELIEVE THEIR LIES
Mueller Testimony - textbook testimony tactics: run out the clock
Storming Area 51 Is About Training To Storm The White House
When did you first realize something was wrong?
Is Ruth Bader Ginsburg already dead?
When did you realize something was wrong?
Aliens Exist (“Former NASA Scientist Evidence”)
Why do they keep banning all Qannen subs? Exactly what rule do they break to warrant a ban? Most subs break rules multie times before even thinking of a ban.
The Moon is fake and dead
There is a famous story where a mom in Thailand wanted to be reincarnated as a boy, so she had her only daughter mark a line on her neck. After she passed away, her daughter gave birth to a boy with a similar birthmark on the back of his neck.
Andreas Antonopoulos Talks About People Who Say Crypto Isn't Useful
It should be obvious what the Russian interference story was really all about
Bill Clinton? Blindfolded he said he could guess what nationality a girl was by the way they pleasure him orally.
MUST WATCH - Algorithms aren't neutral. They're full of bias, misunderstanding and human prejudice.
Ghislaine and the deep rabbit hole that is Jeff Epstein
Weird that Mueller just referred to the russia thingy as a conspiracy
A video of democrats reading the Mueller report. Clearing the president from collusion and obstruction
Trip to the Caribbean with Bill Clinton / Clinton Foundation / Jeffrey Epstein
This was getting traction and was deleted recently. Weird.
Sam Kinison? (Comedian?) Bill Clinton (future A+ lister?)
A picture is worth a thousand words
When a vaccine backfires and actually gives people the disease it was supposed to prevent, they just call it something else and deny the obvious connection in order to avoid backlash against the industry.
/u/barrett_brown: "It is my cheerful duty to announce the acquisition of around 85 gigabytes of leaked emails, phone calls, faxes, and other documents originating from the London-based tax shelter firm Formations House..." - @BarrettBrown_ #29Leaks
A picture says a thousand words
Banned BBC interview with Johnny Rotten exposing Jimmy Savile
A Web of All Seeing Eyes
Manufacturing Consent
Alex Press: it's nuts that Ramsey Orta has been being tortured in NY prisons for years and there's apparently nothing anyone can do about it [He filmed the killing of Eric Garner - and the police punished him for it]
Alien Autopsy or just some creepy photo my grandma got in the early 50s while stationed in New Mexico?
The structure of plant cells and Devil’s tower/tree stump. Magma does not cool in shapes.
Hollow Earth
Why the Epstein-Mossad Honey Trap Story Has Disappeared: Even if a few names are put out there for the corporate media feeding frenzy, the real story will never be fully revealed. Israel won't suffer consequence beyond speculation dismissed as the antisemitic ravings of conspiracy theorists.
Are popular medical dramas such as Grey's Anatomy and House propaganda to get people involved in medicine?
MH17 Evidence Tampering Revealing By Malaysia: FBI Attempted to Seize Black Boxes; Dutch Covered-up of Forged Telephone Tapes; Ukranian Air Force Hid Radar Records; Crash Site Witness Testimony Misreported
[Youtube] Aerial view of Epstein's private island, shows as weird temple and a hidden cave(?)
Mueller testimony
Google not even hiding it anymore.
Don’t ask questions!
Former FBI Director Bob Mueller has been in the news lately due to his inquiry into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. elections. After a 12-year stint leading the Bureau, the longest ever since J. Edgar Hoover, Mueller is falsely seen by many as an honest man serving the interest of the public
Live stream of Müller's testimony.
Devil’s Tower is a tree stump. All columnar basalt are petrified trees from the Silicon Age. Magma does not cool in consistent shapes, all hexagonal. Plant cells do have hexagonal structure.
Pizzagate is real and I fell down the rabbithole. The following image is one of the Podesta emails that were leaked by WikiLeaks. I always had thought that there was a definite possibility of an Elite Pedophile ring but now I KNOW it's true. There is too much evidence to ignore it anymore.
What do y’all think about Alex Jones, you reckon he’s speaking facts or just full of shit? Curious to hear your thoughts.
Any update on the FBI agent who apparently shot himself in the head on a crowded dance floor ?
Microsoft Invests $1 Billion to Create a World-Saving AI
There's aggressive Mr Rogers marketing all over Reddit right now
Have you ever thought the Grand Canyon looks like a quarry? Water making u turns? And the canyon walls have excavation claw marks, instead of smooth water eroded channels....
Situation in HK bout to get worse?
1967 interview with Oswald Mosley, creepy parallels between then and the censorship and slander in politics and media today.
Dinosaurs are a hoax.
The mystery of Ghislaine Maxwell's secret love, Mail on Sunday, 15/11/1992 (Earliest public profile about Epstein)
Youtube Conspiracy Theory
ANYONE can be re-identified from ‘anonymous data’, researchers claim &amp; let you TEST it
The Today show just did a 5 minute piece on Epstein's Island. They showed every building multiple times but intentionally excluded the creepy temple.
Governments worldwide are shitting their pants, metaphorically and that's not cause they ate stale food last night.
Maxwell, Mogilevich and Red Mafia
The Not-so-Secret war and how YOU can save reality.
Sandra Bullock loves using a facial cream made from Korean newborn's foreskins
Current Sr. Google Engineer Goes Public on Camera: Tech is “dangerous,” “taking sides”
Climate change new deadline: 18 months, according to BBC.
LA Sheriff: Jetliner Flying Low Over Altadena Belongs To NASA
Epstein Documentary???
Study shows American's don't know much about Jews, but love them anyway
New special council after Muller testifies
YSK Trump recently recognized the disputed territory Golan Heights in favor of Israel and the company Genie energy is going to soon drill for oil there. Board members include Rupert Murdoch, Dick Cheney and ex CIA director James Woolsey among others
Introducing DontStormArea51.com -- a website for those who truly want to make a difference
Bible changes right under our noses/Bible prophecy.
Bcnex - Introduction: The Ultimate Blockchain Trading Platform
Media Consolidation | The illusion of choice
For anybody saying the Epstein Clinton photo is photoshopped. Here’s a photo of the actual Vanity Fair magazine it was printed in from 2003.
Search Twitter Conversation Maria Bartiromo @MariaBartiromo Bombshell "Mifsud's lawyer says his client was a "long-time cooperator of Western intelligence" who was specifically tasked with introducing @GeorgePapa19 to Russian contacts
Interesting info coming out from official Malaysian govt sources on Malaysian Air crash as pretext for NATO invasion
They almost have a point on some of these
Anonymous source in German medical field says that Muslim migrant invasions have brought with them extremely dangerous diseases, that female staff no longer feel safe at hospitals and that the German media has a Gestapo on reporting about it
The Great Awakening broken out by topic
The slow/show collapse conspiracy.
NSFW! (Adults Only) A Disturbing Look at HBO’s New Underage Porn Series ‘Euphoria’
Donald Trump outed pedophile Epstein to cops, prompting 2005 criminal probe
Whoa
Trump’s new defense secretary Mark Esper
Human Trafficking Van (Video in comments)
YSK Trump recently recognized the disputed territory Golan Heights (now called Trump Heights) in favor of Israel and the company Genie energy is going to soon drill for oil there. Board members include Rupert Murdoch, Dick Cheney and ex CIA director James Woolsey among others
It going to be a big day for the news today.
Doctors Find Differences in brains of US Spooks hit by unknown energy in Cuba
Area 51 Conspiracy
Google does not generate auto-complete suggestions for "Lolita".
Anthony Bordain: "I'd Poison Trump &amp; Kim Jong-un ... If They Asked Me to Cater" 9/8/2017 Dead 9 months later on the 8th (6/8/2018)
How much did Roger Stone pay the NXIVM whistleblower to write this?
In the space of 2 months, 2 black toddlers vanished from the same playpark in New York. They were both playing with the same 2 children before they disappeared.
In the space of 2 months, 2 black toddlers vanished from the same
https://youtu.be/qL7-eDxw700
pls help us we need to know the truth
Computer Psychologist Robert Epstein warns of the power of big tech censorship and that search result manipulation by Google has the potential to subliminally skew tens of millions of voters to a particular party in the 2020 American elections and indeed worldwide
PLZ HELP US WE NEED TO KNOW THE TRUTH
DOJ Announces Antitrust Probe into Social Media Companies
Help You’re It get 1,000 subs! Enjoy lectures and music!
Nobody asked for technological advance.
oddly satisfying
/u/barrett_brown/Counterpunch: Announcement regarding the upcoming leak will appear tomorrow. Consists of 15 years of communications taken from a global finance firm popular among kleptocrats and tax dodgers. The materials are curated by @DDoSecrets and Pursuance. Nothing to hide? Nothing to fear!
Let’s talk about raiding Area 51
Zoom in on .
Kinda high and did some research into fluoride and calcification of pineal gland
Epstein document release
ATV-Mounted Jammers Can Supposedly Take Down Drones. Maybe Airplanes Too?
Reddit makes Nazis!
Google social rating system
Power Outage Leaves Venezuela in the Dark, Again
"Me, Myself, and Irene" Vince Foster Reference
Chester "Podesta"?
Humans have been enslaved by an Alien race post.
What do you predict for tomorrow?
Diary Entries Reveal Barbara Bush Was Related To Aleister Crowley
Jennelle Eliana paid Nigerians to promote her content
Undercover footage in UK 🇬🇧 Mosques and Islamic schools show children being told to not make friends with non-Muslims, stone homosexuals, that Hindus are "piss drinkers", and that they should take over their communities when they achieve a majority young population.
Reddit is automatically censoring all links to an article critical of the site not even mods can approve this link.
Don’t forget it’s been covered up once in 1988.
Episode 122: Secret Military Enochian Technology
Jennelle Eliana paid Nigerians to boost her channel
A Large 393-Foot Asteroid Will Skim Earth Closer Than The Moon Tomorrow
Hi my name among many was Alister Crowley and we're back; created of our own volition to tell you..
To those that watch mr robot , what are your thoughts? And how accurate do you think the show is to our reality
The Democrats learning from those who built them.
Im from Argentina and i just got this ad on IG, what do you all think about this? I personally think is misinformation promotion at its best just by looking at it.
TIL the Queen and others drink raw milk, while commoners can't.
2011 MoCA Gala with Marina Abramovic
Jennelle Eliana paid Nigerians to promote her channel
Quanon
Hollywood sex cult that owned daycares found guilty of trafficking. Media buries the story by misdirection of stories and headlines.
Don't believe their lies
Reddit gets a $150 million investment from Tencent and users are posting memes to mock the deal
In case you haven’t heard about it, there are Communication Management Units where prisoners that are compared to supermax prisons where inmates have very limited communication with the outside world
Jennelle Eliana paid Nigerians to promote her channel
Thousands of Bones Unearthed from the Vatican in search of missing teen.
"[If an elected President were to] take on the intelligence community, they have six ways from Sunday at getting back at him."
Smedley Butler and the 1930s Plot to Overthrow the President
Technomigration
DOJ Launches Broad Antitrust Review Of "Big Tech"
An interesting title.
Help me for school project?
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Worth watching "Seven Days in May" 1964 film about a coup against a sitting President... imagine traitors Comey, Brennan, Clapper, and the complicit media as the plotters and it'll out loud resonate with what the President has been dealing with (video link)
Interesting to consider given the recent Iran-CIA news - during the previous administration dozens of CIA agents were exposed &amp; executed in Iran, China, and elsewhere
Rumors: Puerto Rico Governor to Resign - Live Coverage. Agenda-Free TV
Was Fred Rogers an Illuminati agent?
This is the face of the Canadian ""woman"" who petitioned government to allow him to run a "topless pool party" for 'LGBT' children as young as 12 without their parents being allowed to attend.
Should we tell her?
West Bank building demo, the collapse looks eerily familiar.
Should we tell her?
Calling Caucasians 'white' people, promotes racism
Join The Disclosure Of Evil
With Jon Stewart in the news today, here is a classic 2011 Daily Show clip exposing the media ignoring Ron Paul
[Video] How Junk Food Disguises Itself As Healthy Nutritious Sports Food (And how you keep falling for it)
Should we tell her?
Tom Hanks is Mr Rogers
Is democracy an illusion?
Child sacrifice and Baal worship.
Did.....did I just get picked for recruitment?!
Is democary an illusion?
Found another p1zzag8 organization thanks to Gab and @GHard_Joe
Does WhatsApp cache submitted files/videos/pictures from the users in the Cloud?
Interesting information about data warfare going to be exposed to the mass public
Genetically Modified Soldiers Being Used in Syria and Elsewhere?
Aaron Matè’s Questions for Mueller (among them, ‘Why didn’t he interview Assange?’)
STORM AREA 51 EVENT CREATOR: I don't want anyone to get hurt
A strange double coincidence (or maybe not coincidences) I heard when listening to SiriusXM Radio.
Does WhatsApp cache user submitted data/files/videos/pictures on the cloud?
Adrenochrome
Texas town: No hurricane relief for Israel boycotters
stuff I think needs to be said
FBI Rocked By Public Suicide of TOP FBI Agent Who Investigated Clinton Foundation – True Pundit
Epstein scandal and drag queen connection?
A strange double coincidence (or maybe not coincidences) I heard when listening to SiriusXM Radio.
Thoughts on John Stewart?
Building detonation, look familiar?
What is it that they actually want from you, and from me, and from every human being who ever lived..?
Building detonation, look familiar.
I’m resubmitting this because I would love to hear everyone’s thoughts on this. I’ve seen a lot of interesting conspiracies on the Vatican and this may tie into some. (This is my first post on this subreddit so I’m unsure of all the guidelines)
If you appreciate my Saturn threads please call this dude out... he copied my work word for word in this video
So a couple of things from "Eyes Wide Shut" that were left unclear for me.
Israeli soldiers blow up a West Bank building and it looks eerily familiar.
Rusty Shackleford interesting info
Israeli soldiers blow a West Bank building and it looks eerily familiar.
Are Mormons Luciferians?
Narconon Script Which Shows The True Beliefs of Scientology
China Lake Documents Dated 2003 Mind Control Facility
Does anyone have a link to the billionaire who got jail but only had to show I to prison for a few hours and could go home after?
Has any deadman's switch document dump actually happened?
Vanity Fair article talking about Epstein's SEC questioning at Bear Stearns (insider trading), Hoffenberg (financially saved him), and Wexner (the ticket into the Establishment that made him a 'cleanup man')
Close-up shot of X-shaped craft turned on its side, spotted in Augusta, GA on 10-16-2015. Possible second video from the same location and day in the comments, but its from further away.
Has anybody else witnessed the secret organizations in Los Angeles, California?
Socialism IRL - Sanders White House Campaign Hit with Federal Labor Complaint
Is the New Zealand Green Party working for big data oligarchs?
Climate Change references are being erased on us government websites
So people are now exposed to human trafficking.. but what about the body parts
What Is All The Spying Really About - The Dark Truth About What's Happening - The US Government has "secret" computer chips built into all modern technology that are able to connect to each other and other "hidden" networks to spy on anyone anywhere -the All Seeing Eye IS REAL! Must have information
Former IRS head Steve Miller admits income taxes are voluntary
can anyone decipher this for me? i found it on a wall in a restaurant and it concerns me
Unconfirmed: Crypto Evangelist John McAfee has been Detained
Former popular MySpace and MTV celebrity Tila Tequila admits Hollywood practices MK ultra and satanic rituals.
More and more signs pointing to imitate bankruptcy of the USA
Please tell me I'm fucking crazy
Jennelle Eliana, YOUTUBE GROWTH Out of nowhere
Have yet to post on this subreddit but I found this interesting..
Where are the 2,000 pages of Epstein documents?
God is energy
Why is there so much pro-christianity sentiment in conspiracy/skeptic communities?
I don’t watch TV, but now that I have access, I’ve noticed a pattern.
Where are the 2,000 pages of Epstein's documents?
Trump: 'I have an Article 2 where I have the right to do whatever I want as president'
Barcelona punish Real Madrid in the presence of Ronaldo (5/0)
When the trends of reddit and "redditors" tell you to hate some public figure, look deeper. This site is TPTB's direct line to a very large demographic of North American teens and adults. YOU are the target audience for brainwashing.
Nancy Pelosi - "If this Capitol crumbled to the ground, the one thing that would remain would be our commitment to our aid, I don’t even call it our aid, our cooperation with Israel. It's fundamental to who we are"
Two British MPs confirm their involvement with secretive Le Cercle group
(They) are afraid
Nearly entire Bay Area sees homelessness surge.
NASA Scientist Proves Aliens
Seems that Twitter has deleted McAffee's account.
DOJ reportedly to open broad antitrust review of Big Tech; tech stocks dip
Bigfoot Patterson-Gimlin footage A.I enhanced! Super Slow-Mo
Why Do Cats Knead? there is truly seven ways that to Answer That
Are The Epstein Island Drone Vids All Recorded By John McAfee and That's the Reason He Got Taken Down?
Why the Sex Trafficking Conspiracy Exists in the First Place (Avoiding Taxes) (Long)
The church was in control back then and still are. Thousand have gotten away with egregious crimes.
Looks like the Vatican has some explaining to do...
But the_donald is quarantined.
Did Allen Wrench Kill Kurt Cobain &amp; El Duce?
Some madman did it! Drone footage of Epstein's island
John McAfee might of been detained..... Watch for the dead man switch....
Deleted TIL post with 20k votes: TIL that child beauty pageants are illegal in France to prevent the hyper-sexualization of young children. Punishment can be up to two years in prison.
Trillions of pentagon spending went missing before 9/11. Is this still occurring?
Hilarious how many even on this sub still buy the climate bullshit
SAY YES TO THE WORD OF THE FATHER
Climate alarmism is all about killing capitalism and replacing it with socialism. “Climate change” is the vehicle to rally useful climate idiots. Forget everything you think you know about global warming. The truth is that it’s not about carbon—it’s about capitalism.
Reddit is scrubbing the story of the lady shooting up a McDonald's because it doesn't fit the narrative, I reckon.
“Maybe in your family’s culture, and I understand it, women are kinda seen as second-class citizens or something like that…” -Detective DeCoster while interrogating me
This question is intended only for those who believe / are aware of the Worldwide Satanic / Luciferian conspiracy, carried out primarily by Free Masons
Top 10 Area 51 Conspiracy Theories | Top Universe
Why is this not being covered????
Need Q Proofs? Hey All You "Q Debunkers", Watch This Video Primer then Let's Talk: [The Story of Q and the Second American Revolution]
John McAfee detained, possible dead mans switch
Whistle-blower reveals shady Spectrum business tactics.
McAfee taken into custody. Threatens document dump.
A conspiracy against Common Sense: U.S. Beaches Are So Full of Sewage Pollution, They're Often Unsafe for Swimming, New Report Finds. When I read this article it showed me how stupid the human race is.
Belated epiphany....... of Trump &amp; Boris .
Was there an ancient nuclear war?
Interesting CDAN post titled "Dig Deeper" regarding a group known as the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints, and how they scammed the US Government out of $500 million.
Drones
Whistle-blower reveals Spectrum business tactics.
conspiracy nuts
Brain-machine interfaces - Elon Musk
FBI agent "commits suicide" in a club.......
'Anonymous' data might not be so anonymous, study shows
Introducing Ontario’s new health care super power
GitHub - tg12/RUBC: R U Been being censored?
Arsenal Gear is a reality. The UK most likely had one captured by Iran.
Ethics Complaint Filed Against Rep. Ilhan Omar; Accused Of Immigration, Tax And Student Loan Fraud
Area 51
How to fix any government in 2 easy steps.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
FBI Rocked By Public Suicide of TOP FBI Agent Who Investigated Clinton Foundation
The Fluoride Hoax
Moon landing general public thoughts?
The Tribalism Playbook, chapter 911
Interesting CDAN post regarding NXIVM
Area 51 hasn't had anything other than entrance to the underground tunnel system anyway #StormDugway
Islamists set fire to 2,000 Jewish &amp; Christian lands in Israel - Media is silent to avoid damaging Islam's image - The Politics Online
Was Brushy Bill Roberts really Billy the kid?
Nardwaur VS Mkultra-Is there more to Nardwaur than meets the eye?
If this doesn't look wrong to you, you've chosen personality and party over truth
Space mountain Sticker I created :)
The Hidden Nazi History of IBM and how they chose profit over morality
"US diplomats' brains were shrunk by sonic attacks at Cuban embassy, study finds" Guess it wasn't crickets after all?
Is it feasible/possible for a government to exist without corruption? Or, is corruption inevitable, a flaw in human nature?
Seemingly every post on an oil spill on reddit has a top comment comparing it to an Olympic size swimming pool to minimize the damage, coincidence or shills?
*Researchers Find That Nicking Ships May Have Consequences.* It can be assumed that people who rely only upon the Zionist Mainstream Media for their perception of what goes on in this world may be unaware of the conspiracy by the Government of the United Kingdom to spark a confrontation with Iran.
RBG deepfake?
Israel Lobby planning on sneaking 3 laws thru Congress today giving American tax dollars to fascist Israel
Siblings of James Foley share "grief"
Libya Seizes Italian Ship In The Gulf Of Sirte
"Havana Syndrome" confirmed real: psycho-acoustic weaponry tested in Cuba has resulted in physical changes to brain structure.
Andrew Hales (LAHWF channel) talks with Moon Landing Conspiracy Theorist
(Found a rather odd/coded youtube page)Can someone help me make sense of this?
Tron's Justin Sun Reportedly Blocked From Leaving China
How the chinese use real estate to launder drug money. Interesting watch
Seem a little suspicious that search results for Epstein plummet immediately after Area 51 shit becomes popular and relevant? The moment Area 51 memes pop up, Epstein is no longer being searched on Google.
Have we been lied to about where dog 'breeds' come from?
Trump calls Israel "our country" (see video clip in tweet)
What do y'all think about this one: Biowarfare (mistakenly or on purpose) or is Lyme a natural disease?
Real Conspiracies are what really matter. The Zionists who run the USA and Israel are at the heart of many of them. This particular one involves the people of Ukraine and whether they will be doomed by the subversive conspiracy of the USA and Israel to seize control of their nation and its future.
EPA won’t ban Chlorpyrifos, a Pesticide linked to children’s health problems.
What videos and links have TPTB succeeded in scrubbing from the Internet?
Comey Cyber Spy Stole Classified Material From White House Now Works For CNN Fake News Network
r/QAnon: Banned - First they said PizzaGate was fake and banished researchers from the internet. Now they say QAnon is fake... Notice a Pattern?
With the resurfacing of the Clinton Epstein photo, I want to remind you what Trump said in 2015
duck duck go
This video of Sandy Hook actor Robbie Parker is almost scrubbed completely from the internet and gets harder to find each year
YouTube community guidelines are just censorship
youtube violating its own guidelines by posting controversial video
Storm Area 51 To Prove That All White Cheese Comes From Alien Semen!
Very stramge ..so called stalrs
Two British politicians confirm they spent time leading top secret Le Cercle organisation
Donald Trump has totally betrayed his supporters on illegal immigration. Record high illegal immigration. Not one new mile of border wall. He actually signed amnesty for illegals into law with the February 2019 omnibus bill. Trump is another Establishment puppet, who conned his supporters.
Anyone else terrified by the amount of people that blindly trust either MSNBC/CBS/CNN/NBC or FOX?
400,000 Protest In Puerto Rico To Demand Governor Resign Immediately
Make Trump Supporters A Cult Again.
Members of Congress and Senate do NOT under go background checks or obtain Security Clearance - Many would not pass even a mid-level investigation.
So Boris Johnson becoming premier, what that means for UK and the world?
According to everything I've heard, all of the victims involved in this whole Epstein thing seem to be girls. If this really is just a huge CIA/mosad blackmail / honey pot operation doesn't that seem a little odd?
The "Green New Deal" is not about the climate. Is is about the totalitarian objectives of the far left.
I’m not too impressed with Reddit!
RBG "Proof of life" funeral video a deep fake?
People Living On Remote Island Near India Will Kill Anyone Who Tries To Come Ashore
X-files seems perfect for transitioning
In 2016, over 95% of Ukrainian war refugees were denied asylum by the German government, at the same time Angela Merkel was letting in hundreds of thousands of economic migrants into the country from Black and Middle Eastern countries.
I don’t see enough talk about this, and how under the new Administration, they are deliberately getting rid of scientifically backed evidence from government sites for no good reason.
Dude Perfect is the antichrist
Russian brainwasing
Looking for some new conspiracies to explore!
Beyond the Dutroux Affair: The Reality of Protected Child Abuse and Snuff Networks
The Fake Science of Global Warming
Israel arrests two Filipina immigrants and their Israeli-born children in deportation drive. Why doesn't the MSM compare Israel to Nazi Germany for protecting its borders?
NASA rifle purchases linked to Raid Area 51?
Iran legalizes crypto mining — Canuck invasion becomes imminent
When I google "reddit conspiracy", I don't see this sub anywhere in the list.
"They Live" actor says movie disappeared from theaters, after being number one for two weeks
The Mandela Effect is to Condition You
An interesting AMA about extraterrestrials with Paul Hellyer, a 95 y.o former Canadian Minister of Defense.
White House Backs Rule Change That Will End Food Stamps For 3 Million Americans. How is it that we have $3B/year for Israel but not enough for own poor?
For the first time in modern history, the world’s population is expected to virtually stop growing by the end of this century, due in large part to falling global fertility rates
Beyond the Dutroux Affair: The Reality of Protected Child Abuse and Snuff Networks
I Am A 95 y.o., former Canadian Minister of Defense and Transport Minister. I want to discuss my experience with the cabal/deep state, global warming, politics and extraterrestrials. Ask me anything!
This is pretty woke
Crazy Days and Nights Revealed - Clinton and Epstein
I Am A 95 y.o., former Canadian Minister of Defense and Transport Minister. I want to discuss my experience with the cabal/deep state, global warming, politics and extraterrestrials. Ask me anything!
Nassa Secrets EXPOSED!
A book written by a professor, citing the various historical cases where Jews have been accused of ritual murder
Report: US is Less Racist Under Trump Than Obama
Daughter of Israeli Spy Master Robert Maxwell - Moves to US to Work With Sex Blackmailer Jeffrey Epstein - Ghislaine Maxwell - Still Spying for Israel? (Politico) 21 July 2019
I designed a shirt for the Area 51 event
Ritual Murders at Polna (More In Comments)
I Hate Money
The Lie: The Rainbow Nation. The Truth: Black, White and Red. The coming civil war in South Africa 🇿🇦
9/11 News
Not the Onion: Treasury Secretary Mnuchin denies US dollar is used to finance "nefarious" and criminal activity
The shadow of the moon during an eclipse is only 70 miles wide.
The Astros are celebrating the Apollo 11 landings while Neil Armstrong’s son is in the booth wearing a number 11 jersey while the 11th batter of the inning hits the 11th hit if the game to make the Astros lead 11-0
The New Blacklist in America: Barbara Loe Fisher reviews recent efforts to block freedom to publicly dissent about vaccine safety and the ethics of mandatory vaccination laws. They are reviving the "blacklist era" of the 50's by targeting the fundamental right to freedom of speech and conscience.
Why I Believe A Violent Rebellion Would Never Work.
What will happen on August 30th 2019?
The coming Civil War in South Africa 🇿🇦
Anthrax!
Peppa Pig’s world is full of supernatural gods
Prediction: Donald Trump will win the 2020 US Presidential Election, but will die either during or soon after it, in accordance with a Great Conjunction - which is the conjunction of the planets Jupiter and Saturn.
Media Just Can’t Stop Presenting Horrifying Stories as ‘Uplifting’ Perseverance Porn — In popular trend of unintentionally horrifying “uplifting” news, out-of-touch corporate media give us supposedly charming news that actually upon minimal retrospection, reveals dire conditions of late capitalism.
Islamization of Texas is ongoing...
NSA Archives
Tokyo Olympics Illuminati Card Game Connection. . .
Donald Trump as USA president. Boris Johnson as UK Prime Minister. Why so much distractions?
Newly Discovered Asteroid Will Come Within 1 LD Of Earth On July 24th
this youtuber with 1and a half subscribers with 2 videos that has been popping up in everyone’s recommended
Spy Satellites and targetted individuals
How the pharmaceutical companies, Congress and the DEA made the opioid epidemic a billion-dollar industry — Previously undisclosed government information shows how drug manufacturers and distributors responded to the emerging opioid epidemic by pumping more pills into the hardest-hit regions.
Wow....
Immanuel Velikovsky interview
Time machines exist but not in the way you think.
Shocking footage of black landgrabbers in South Africa stealing private property and turning it into slums. They also steal from the electricity grid.
Where did all of the Jew teeth go?
Marvel reveals Natalie Portman will portray female Thor in upcoming film. (They just can't help themselves)
Is Faceapp violating your data privacy?
DNC Knew of Seth Rich Leak?
Epstein = Mossad.
Documentary: How was ISIS born? (Must Watch)
Video of early Nazi UFO prototype
XR Web - Buy XR tokens with Bonus
New to r/conspiracy anything I should read/checkout?
Ruthless Donald Trump proves he could even provoke a civil war in his effort to maintain power
Eclipses: Flat earth vs heliocentric
Math equals Science equals Numerism
AOC on CNN asks why we have endless money for wars and corporate tax cuts but when trying to spend that money on the working class it becomes a question of where the money will come from.
Possible glitch in the matrix?
Up until his death, this permanent A list singer/actor who was in a very famous unofficial group was the biggest donor to the Church Of Satan?
Will the pros of Elon Musk’s Neuralink outweigh the cons?
There's no photos showing Epstein and Clinton
The Jeffrey Epstein Social Network &amp; The Container Ship Crime Wave
Censored for stating facts in Path of Exile.
STORM AREA 51: Q&amp;A WITH ALIEN HUNTER JASON WRIGHT AFTER JOKE FACEBOOK EVENT PROMPTS MILITARY WARNING
The Case of Al Franken
Does anyone else experience Frontier Cable refusing to record the first half of late night talk shows?
"PIZZA" Code Cracked: Pizza = 93 Thelema
The earthquake prediction I made
5 missing, 3 dead in little over a week in B.C, Canada. All linked?
The Carl Beech Trial is the ultimate form of gaslighting.
Dr. Steve Pieczenik on Epstein
These 100 Secret Societies Prove Who Really Rules America
Work place computers
April Dawn's sexual harassment/rape accusations from 2 years ago..FIRMLY DEBUNKED.
Area 51 Raid: The Official Attack Plan - *SEPTEMBER 20TH*
The Venezuelan government says power outage to half the country was a result of an 'electromagnetic attack".
If 9-11 was an inside job, what was the purpose of it?
The reason behind Pence’s Air Force 2 cancellation
They are acknowledging that a total default is possible, what don't we know?
Why thousands of people in this country got microchip implants
9/11 - Nanothermite Covered Up by Western Media
144: The DUMBs (Deep Underground Military Bases)
CIA Caught Pushing War In Iran
A post about Hershey is on the front page, and the word water doesn't appear once.
Why is there a Caduceus variation on Baphomet's lap?
Jeffrey Epstein was a mole for Israeli intelligence, and they clearly have significant leverage on Donald Trump. The longer President Trump refuses to go to war with Iran, the more damaging these articles are going to become. They're all connected.
Challenger Disaster theory
Noooo! The Statue of Liberty is a man! And it represents the sun god Helios! Off with its head!
In light of a video posted by The Economist today that Google is pushing, I needed to sharethis video on the truth of geoengineering
Are there any other Secret Societies besides the Freemasons that have influence around the entire globe?
#FreeJosephSmith #SlavesMormonsIndians #Frankenbook #Miseducation #IntellectualCannibalism #HealUtah
DISCOVER WHAT YOUR NUMBER SAYS ABOUT YOUR LIFE
This Seth Rich thing.
Video: The Perfect Storm for a VACCINE HOLOCAUST is Now Here
How free is free speech in the US? (At least)
Alex Jones defending Free Speech back in 2004. A must see!
Disney’s originality at its peak
Congress conspiracy
Check out XR token at Alterdice And Get Your XR now!
I just saw a fucking UFO what am I supposed to do
Possible coverup in the works here
Bitcoin: Beyond The Bubble (2018)
(Black people are being hired for racial quota) a female Jude is using her color to avoid justice.
On the legitimacy of Pizzagate (2016); The last top post of /r/Pizzagate before the banhammer
Black people are being hired for racial quota
09-11-01
Bots on Quora pushing agenda and promoting illegal sale of drugs?
Are We Living In A Computer Simulation ?
Billionaire Spends $1.7 Million On Motorhome With Its Own Garage, Wait Until You Step Inside
Marianne Williamson Leads A Prayer Apologizing For Being White.
Maybe the world doesn't want to push their findings?
The Erica Thomas hoax has already been blown apart but this is still the #1 promoted news item on twitter and multiple social media sites
#WalkAway March - WWG1WGA Live!
Are We Living In A Computer Simulation ?
Hitler never wanted the war,offering many peace offers, Churchill declined every single offer. Hitlers invasion of Poland was justified, as the Polish, who made a pact with Britain, ignoring Hitlers prior attempts, were baiting Germany to invade by slaughtering 1000s of Germans in Poland.
The Black Knight Satellite Conspiracy Is A Hoax
Sometimes "scientific" explanations only go so far until you need proof to believe it. Anyone got proof that planes naturally create 12hr hazing persistant contrails?
YouTube Channels with suspicous popularity
Facebook gives me a headache.
The FBI has known 100% that Seth Rich is the DNC leaker, NOT RUSSIA
Remember when the FBI shut down the observatory in New Mexico?
Report: Rudy Giuliani is running a backchannel with Ukraine to take down Mueller, Trump's critics. Two operatives who report to Rudy Giuliani are meeting with Ukrainian officials to dig up dirt on Democrats in 2020.
Report: Pence's trip to New Hampshire was canceled so he could avoid meeting an alleged drug dealer
"Plane Shooting LASERS At The CROWD" How hard would it be to implement Project Blue Beam?
Corruption beyond belief is in plain sight, but no one ever goes to jail. (Wilbur Ross)
Do you recognize a hoax when it's staring you right in the face?
Crazy compendium page of satanism, cannibalism, adrenachrome, and human trafficking info/videos.
DARPA Funded Neuralink to Push Commercial Brain Implants. This Can't Be Bad, Right?
NASCAR driver stripped of engineering degree from Purdue for saying moon landing was a hoax.
Facebook design flaw let thousands of kids join chats with unauthorized users
They cry out in pain as they censor you.
The deep state is trying to blackmail the president. Don't let them.
Puberty-blockers study under investigation
Grubstakers ep 83 - Jeffrey Epstein with Matt Christman and Nick Mullen
Air Force Two was turned around because of a drug dealer.
IS PUTIN ON OUR SIDE ?
Bill Burr - GasHole
The Apollo Moon Landing Hoax Is Perhaps One Of The Most Important Conspiracy Theories, Because Its Easy To Prove, Its Easy To Understand, And It Implicates All Of The Pillars Of Establishment ...
US mistrust on the rise, with government seen as worst: poll
A brief history of Atlantis; galactic wars &amp; The ET influence.
Facebook De-Listed the Area 51 Event
What is going on with all the "pedo spiral" posts?
Vaccine shilling has surged in recent months, why?
What are some good conspiracy channels on YouTube?
DailyMail running EIGHT articles on Carl Beech convicted paedo &amp; "fantasist"
I downloaded the pdf file. You will not be disappointed by this book. A partial copy is on the Cia. Gov site of released items. The book was "sanatized" and rereleased with only 50 pages. This is the complete book of vet 200 pages. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!! opens up a whole new rabbit hole.
I just found an article showing Wendi Deng, Leon Black (owner of Blackwater &amp; Chuck E Cheese and financier to Epstein), Prince Andrew's daughter, Jared &amp; Ivana, David Geffen who owned DEN, and Karlie Kloss hanging out a month before the election
Alleged Mob Boss Killer Is QAnon Believer, Lawyer Says
A former president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews (BoD) has called for Jeremy Corbyn to be Sacrificed. He's Unaware He's being Lived Streamed
Moon cover up, Epstein?
Evidence of a US Super-Weapon?
Jeffrey Epstein partied with Trump's closest advisers including Wilbur Ross, Rudy Giuliani, and Steve Mnunchin at dinner hosted by David Koch just 2 months after his release from prison
50 Years After the Moon Landing: Why Conspiracy Theories Won’t Die
One Year Countdown: Readying AI Security for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics
Is YouTube is preparing to completely replace it's creators? The death of the organic youtuber and the rise of the manufactured vlogger.
The White Replacement and Destruction Movement Becomes More Explicit - From 'Diversity' to 'Browning'
I believe that Bigfoot exists, because I’ve seen it.
Is the Hong Kong Government behind this attack against the protesters?
Is YouTube is preparing to completely replace it's creators? The death of the organic youtuber and the rise of the manufactured vlogger.
Very interesting info on typhus in WW2...
So a friend of mine was working at Westpoint doing some contract work. This was allegedly pulled off of an old building there and he was told by another contractor not to photograph it because it was a classified project. Of course he did. What does this mean and why would it be such a secret?
Vamprism in modern day
Classified DC Operation Revealed: “Army Lets Slip That It's Conducting Secret Operation Around D.C.” Q asks “Arrests Imminent?”
Project Stargate
Noam Chomsky - Bakunin’s Predictions
MLB officials denied for years that they were altering the balls to boost the home run rate. Last year they admitted that the ball had changed, though they blamed suppliers. Earlier this season, they admitted that the ball’s core had been changed.
Public Library Deletes Pictures of Drag Queen Fondling Children At Story Hour.
Tinfoil: The Scientology leader, David Miscavige, is part of the Illuminati and Tom Cruise is trying to infiltrate them like an actual spy movie.
Vietnam: Friend or foe?
Is the United States of America to blame for their own heroin Epidemic?
Why does the Canadian Govmint want us to pump our own gas from the literal earth, isn't that what we pay the Saudis for?
Why the stock market will crash.
Love this one
Has anyone seen the F.B.I. toxicology report on the Dominican Republic hotels?
My favorite one
Myfavorite one
How many fake conspiracies are made up to distract from real conspiracies?
Tax Break for 23andMe Genetic Tests
Israels 1967 attack on the Americas ship, the USS Liberty, was covered up and lied about for decades.
The Square and Compass
Do You Trust Snopes? You Won't After Reading This.
NWO, Trump, segregation, control, plan
This is happening right now. Puerto Rico marching in protest against the governor of the island and years of corruption.
When the US Government incentivizes sending your DNA to 23andMe should we be concerned?
Resist the Reptilian Agenda
Trans Activist Organizes Topless Swim Session for girls
What? Is this real?
FBI serves sealed search warrants at Los Angeles City Hall and Department of Water and Power
Why corporations can legally poison us
Army Lets Slip That It's Conducting Secret Operation Around D.C.
Federal judge sides with Russian company, rebukes Mueller.
The truth behind the Red car chase video.
Can anyone recommend a good podcast.
Man at center of #IStandWithErica incident denies telling black Georgia lawmaker to "go back where you came from"
Everything you eat both causes and cures cancer
I have spare Initiative Q invites if y’all are looking to join.
American Colonies! Honest Government Ad | Visit Puerto Rico! (satire exposing U.S imperial praxis)
The house built for the pedophiles...
Medical error is 3rd leading cause of death in U.S.
Elites and child sex rings/missing children: a local perspective from Argentina.
In 1933 Franklin D. Roosevelt signed an executive order forcing all Americans to turn their gold in to the Federal Reserve.
Tom Hanks as Mr. Rogers
Conspiracy time
I wonder what sinister plot could lie behind those 'training exercises' in the middle of large US cities like L.A.
Chinese investments in Western media
Big yikes...
Ex Blackwater guy busted in money laundering sting. Offered to fund Org. connected to Charlottesville riot; finance concentration camps in N. Africa; and is a colleague of Haitain Charity Board Member with Lung Transplant Surgeon also on BOD. Michael Bagley, come on down.
My tips for awareness in a sea of propaganda
My counter theory to the moon hoax conspiracy
PROOF: Shapeshifting is Physically Possible!
Instagram muting
Here’s a conspiracy, every piece of false information posted here for months now, backed with no factual proof or claims, from reputable sources, always end up being Trump Supporters.
BIN LADEN STILL ALIVE IN UNDERGROUND FACILITY
Just spotted this in the movie "Sleepless". Is Hollywood being that obvious, or am I just being paranoid and obnoxious?
Disney is converting everything they purchase into LGBTQ. Next Snow White will have a sleeping prince and different color snow
Did Epstein piss off the wrong person?
Tom Hanks had Issac Kappy killed, or may have participated directly, then bragged about it on his instagram.
Mass shootings: antidepressants or MK-Ultra?
Epstein's other island drone footage-Great St. James
Corbett Report on Epstein coverage in the MSM
Low-Hanging Molecules Have Already Been Picked&amp;#8212;Most New Drugs Provide No Benefit &amp;#8211; William M. Briggs
Surprised that this is not on mainstream media outlets?
NIBIRU/PLANET X | MEN'S HEARTS WILL FAIL THEM FOR FEAR...
The Hidden Empire
CBP: Over 1,000 African migrants arrested near Mexican border.
Epstein's $77M Mansion: Illuminati Rothschild Pedo Cult Spielberg EyesWideShut Connections! Great breakdown of the ownership chain of NYC's LARGEST private home and how it landed in Jeffrey Epstein's control. (Hint: He paid $10 for it)
They are now even using the Lord's cross to spread their chemicals!
Justice Dept. Watchdog Has Evidence Comey Probed Trump on the Sly: Inspector General will allegedly file a report in September showing Comey was misleading the POTUS
They are now using the Lord's cross to spread their chemicals!
Comey Under DOJ Investigation for Misleading Trump While Targeting Him in FBI Probe: Even as he repeatedly assured Trump that he was not a target, the former director was secretly trying to build a conspiracy case against the president, while at times acting as an investigative agent
What Will We Find If We Storm Area 51?
Patent - Apparatus and method for therapeutically treating human body tissue with electromagnetic radiation
Detroit is about Androids developing human traits, Elon Musk wants to place chips in our brains to "control computers", Open your eyes these game developers are trying to tell us something. Brain connected devices? Space tourism? The game is about 2 years old and talks about current events.Stay woke
This Kentucky doctor allegedly let his wife mishandle vaccines, causing ‘health crisis’. Planned?
Louisiana Cop Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Should Be Shot
Abortion laws
Individuals who play a Pivotal Role in the Key Development of Industrial/Banking/Military Complex
Kamala Harris CONFRONTS This Smart Senator Today in Congress, Watch How he Responds
The Quantum World &amp; Medicine Nocebo
Conference teaches Librarians how to sneak drag queens past parents
In 1933 the United States declared bankruptcy and demanded all citizens turn in their gold.
UFO Sighting In Brampton, Ontario (Canada)
Apple News Notification: Pentagon Accidentally Discloses Military Exercise in DC
National Security Agency (NSA) and Illuminati
Updated crowdfunding platform ready to use
CIA's critical role in the revival of Islamic fundamentalism in order to Bring Down Peaceful Communist Islam
James Corbett on Defending Utah Radio: Defending Utah interviews one of the leading voices in exposing what's underneath the news and focusing on what the mainstream would like to distract us from
Climate change is a scam. It could be classified as a propaganda conspiracy in multiple ways.
Shrek
Does anyone else get the feeling that all of this recent Iran "conflict" is an attempt by the Deep State to bait Trump into another Middle East quagmire?
Vril, the Power of the Coming Race
Spy Games: Iran arrests 17 ‘CIA agents’, sentences some to death
Are Those REAL eggs You're Eating?
Sandy Hook - David Wheeler Exposed as Actor and Fake FBI Sniper
Healthy triplets all develop neurological injuries hours after vaccination.
'Let me guess, you want to nuke them all': Trump constantly baiting John Bolton in front of officials, report says
Man suspected of gunning down reputed mob boss mistook him as 'deep state' figure. The defense will claim that Anthony Comello was a Qanon conspiracy theorist when he shot Francesco "Franky Boy" Cali on Staten Island.
Carl Beech Trail: Planted to make false claims to disregard real ones. ‘False claims’ of VIP abuse violence/peodophillia/murder
A Study Commissioned By The NTP has found high exposure to RFR radiation from 2G and 3G results in Tumors in the Brains, Adrenal Glands and Hearts of Male Rats.
World totalitarian communist government. (I’m not a conservative btw).
How Carl Beech, the serial child abuse accuser, became the accused
The deepfake that poses a threat to a presidential election won’t come out of an obscure forum. It will be broadcast by the media which will mobilize experts to defend its legitimacy and employ its fact checkers to suppress dissenting material on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter
The High Society That Surrounded Jeffrey Epstein
I'm looking for a old story/video
The Qanon Mob Hit: Man accused of gunning down reputed mob boss mistook him as 'deep state' figure, shot him ten times in "self-defense"
Army Lets Slip That It's Conducting Secret Operation Around Washington D.C.
Legislator’s dispute with man at Publix grabs spotlight
Please share this
What's your opinion on my Conspiracy Theories ??
Barbara Walters mocked sexual abuse victims on tv while associating with the abusers behind the scenes
If you are American, you need to watch this video.
The moon
Quija Boards on Gibson Island - Did Deep State Debutantes have Dalliances with Purveyors of the Dark Arts
‘Offered up for abuse’: Jeffrey Epstein and Charlie Rose conferred about new assistants the PBS host could sexually harass
Communism. Terrorism. Aliens.
The protests in Hong Kong are a massive trojan horse meant to ship millions of soldiers out as "refugees"
Are the migrant Caravans UN run? In 2000, the United Nations issued a report on using Migration Replacement in countries with low birth rates. Our current levels of illegal migration closely mirror Scenario VI in their report.
Anyone remember the UFO that shut down a Chinese airport in 2010?
Does believing in Qanon get you off of a murder charge by reason of insanity?
This is Ghislaine Maxwell’s(Jeff Epstein’s GF/pimp) sister Christine. Christine is married to Roger Malina. Roger’s dad is Frank Malina who was super tight w/ Jack Parsons. Scientology’s L. Ron Hubbard stole Parsons wife &amp; Parsons was part of Aleister Crowley cult.
Shocked about a theory
Lion King
Chandrayaan-2 ; last minute
How will we ever get an alternative to YouTube with real free speech?
Carl Beech: Former nurse convicted of lying about VIP paedophile ring
Online retailers will ship from the furthest warehouse possible if you aren't subscribed to their premium membership, even if that item is stocked nearby.
Surf Funny - Reddit data leak
Amazon Go Has Spawned Imitators, But Also Innovation
Trump has nothing to fear from Mueller. The Hill
Assad sprayed peaceful protesters with gas, The Ukrainian police sniped protesters with rifles, and The Antifa are just a bunch of students who wanted real racial and sexual freedom in the US. Let's face it.
If you are American, you should watch this video. https://youtu.be/iFDe5kUUyT0
Pedophile symbol on Area 51 meme founder's clothing
Pedophile symbol on Area 51 meme founder's clothing
Thoughts on election-rigging?
This subreddit is too much 😂💀
Everyone
US tells UK: your responsibility to take care of your ships in Persian Gulf
Like All Socialists, Bernie Sanders is a Massive Hypocrite, Underpays Staffers
Video Confirms Butowsky Lawsuit Claim: Julian Assange Told Ellen Ratner DNC Emails Received from an inside source – Not a Russian Hack…
North Korean narrative is collapsing.
Top 10 Classified Military Projects: From False Flag Operations To America's Recruitment of Nazi Scientists.
Elon Musk’s Surgeons Will Implant Human Brain With Electrodes By Next Year
Lizard people. Within a letter of encouragement from Albert Einstein to Marie Curie, Einstein’s choice for a collective noun which describes a portion of our populous: reptiles.
Not only has the US never been back to the Moon, no other country on Earth has been able to study the Apollo "data" or learn enough for our "trip" to duplicate it.
The conspiracy behind the homeless problem explained by Dennis Leary
Does Iran want another war????
Iran sentences 'CIA spies' to DEATH after arresting 17 as crisis with US and Britain escalates
Drone Footage of Epstein’s Other Island - Great St James
Numerology Secrets: Life Path 1!
Justice Dept. Watchdog has evidence Comey probed Trump, on the sly
The CIA Wants to Make It Easier to Jail Journalists, &amp; Congress Isn't Stopping It: No administration should have the power to prevent journalists from publishing illegal acts undertaken by the government. Ever. For any reason.
What will happen to the 4 female co conspirators from the Epstein case ? They got amnesty in 2008, but now what?
Iran says it arrested 17 CIA spies, some sentenced to death | CBC News
Iran Sentences "CIA Spy Ring" to Death and Trump Gets Defensive: "The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down drone)." Methinks Trump doth protest too much...
"9/11: The New Pearl Harbour" director Massimo Mazzucco has made a new documentary about the Apollo Moon Landings called "American Moon".
UK Media on Iran: Muh Russia Did it! UK media allege that Russia "hacked the systems" in those tankers, and provided false coordinates both to the British and to the Iranians.
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
AI cataloging all pictures on Instagram?
If as many little boys were diddled in a Chuck E Cheese’s as a Catholic Church there would be no Chuck E. Cheese’s how is there still a Catholic Church?
A thought about Prince Andrew, Iran, UK And USA
Assange’s ‘Conspiracy’ to Expose War Crimes Has Already Been Punished
Buzz Aldrin Punches Moon Landing Denier In The Face
Hello why is reddit can post after 9 minutes only ???
Change My Mind... The moon landing was real.
America will become a socialist state
QAnon Mafia Killing
What is up with all this Storm Area51 BS?
Looking for a UN report that was posted here
NW tango 1201
AREA 51 comic strips created by MoshiDokyo [on going series] pls support
Well then.......
Can somebody explain to me why Hong Kong is protesting?
Vegas eyewitness, "There was shooting coming from the helicopter"
Time moving fast for anyone else?
If the HK protests are organic, none of the MSM in the area would display it. Not even CNN will.
A different point of view/opinion on the area 51 storming.
Who are "they"?
With all these Apollo anniversary shows going on, thought I'd share this YouTube channel (LunaCognita) (Moon Conspiracy)
Is it possible being red pilled is equivalent to eating fruit of tree of knowledge of good and evil?
Left: million-man riots in Hong Kong against the CCP, people left money in stores to pay for pilfered food and drinks, only government buildings were vandalised. Right: Algerians celebrating a soccer match in Paris. Which culture is currently "enriching" Western Europe in large numbers?
Dirk Müller - still unwilling to go deeper (german video)
Trump’s arch-hawk lured Britain into a dangerous trap to punish Iran | Simon Tisdall | World news
Unsolved murder
For those who believe that Jews run the show, what is the explanation for why Muslims are being advocated so strongly for?
Not sure where to post this but after watching the video of the human trafficking van I saw this picture and realized this girl is almost certainly inside one.
I want the deep shit. Someone put us onto some deep shit. Im talking bout the deep end bruh. Show us what thats like. Post away, down the rabbit hole we go ~
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/agnsy0/10_year_challenge_plot/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app
Pedo Symbol in Stranger Things Season 3
Is the external world evil?
5G danger is not from radiation but from the smart dust it empowers
Facial recognition, false flag upcoming. Given the many cities banning it, and as with 9/11 &amp; global surveillance/PATRIOT Act, a major false flag will happen soon to make facial recognition accepted as necessary against "terrorism".
Collusion between HK Police and triad members on 21/07/2019.
“On multiple occasions I saw Epstein exit his helicopter, stand on the tarmac in full view of my tower, and board his private jet with children—female children,” says a former air traffic controller at the airstrip.
Donald Trump gives cryptic response to alien claim as US confirms 'UFO wreckage' at base | World | News
2018 Bohemian Grove List
Epstein pilot is selling Jeffrey Epstein helicopter
Decades long search for girl missing leads to discovery of bones from over a dozen people at Vatican
Apparently one of the witnesses the government is talking to trafficked women through the Mexican border. He was paid massive amounts of money for any teen girls he could smuggle into New Mexico to the pedophile's residence there.
Boring night I need some rabitholes to go down.
Hidden in Plain Sight: The Shocking Origins of the Jeffrey Epstein Case
Requesting the video of trump saying he was forced to buy khashoggis yacht or someone in the Epstein circle
Does anyone have any good conspiracy book recommendations?
An interesting perspective on the Alan Dershowitz interview. Looks fucking guilty to me.
When you know the success of exposing the conspirators, that will result in a free humanity, rests on each individual's experience
Ben Shapiro Brilliantly SCHOOLS College Professors IN HEATED Q and A
Anyone else feel anxious and depressed when on antibiotics?
Elon Musk Joins the Dark Side
When you know the success of exposing the conspirators that will set humanity free rests on your own input into the experience.
Black Georgia Democrat state rep posted viral video saying she was verbally assaulted by white man &amp; we need to do something about white privilege. Beto says this is Trump’s fault. Turns out the man is Cuban &amp; a Democrat &amp; she had more groceries than the express line allows.
Good news! XR WEB, the decentralized protocol for XR (Extended Reality) apps built for the Internet is having a token pre-sale.
Am I the only one who thinks like this ...
I recommend Proton Mail if you want an email with a high degree of anonymity
Moderators shut down the guy that mad the Apollo app on his own sub.
Nobody cares, just watch it happen and hope for the best
Here's how Republicans and Democrats differ on conspiracy theories - Regardless of political affiliation, conspiracy theory discourse is on the rise
The Morld’s Most Mysterious Book - The Voynich Manuscript
Whoa
Get up and witnessed two important activities today, July 22, 2019, from Asia’s leading cryptocurrency exchange, BCNEX!
Donald Trump's late Uncle, Dr. John G. Trump, was the sole individual tasked with reviewing Nikola Tesla's research after his death, before subsequent confiscation by the Office of Alien Property. These papers were then 'lost' and have never seen the light of day.
fyi
The ACA is terrible on purpose.
Pardon my ignorance, but have you ever heard of the Office of Net Assessment (ONA)?
Hong Kong on Security Alert As Thousands March In Fresh Wave Of Protests
Cumulus Media is censoring Blair Garner's interview with Pete Buttigieg. Listen to it here
Deleted Damnthatsinteresting post with 22.6k votes: "This is Khaled Al-Asaad, an 83-year-old Syrian archaeologist and scholar who was beheaded by ISIS in 2015. Held captive and tortured for a month, he refused to tell ISIS the location of ancient Palmyran treasures unto his death."
THIS DUDE WINS: Storm Area 51 Theme Song!
Are there unbiased studies on whether power lines cause cancer?
Paid triad members in Hong Kong are brandishing weapons, attacking civilians, including reporters, lawmakers, women and children. These thugs are paid by Pro-Beijing organisations and are used as a means of doing the dirty work the police force cannot do.
Conspiracy theories are retarded; here's a cute dog.
Anyone else notice this?
400,000+ Protesters in Hong Kong today, so they unleashed the Triad Gang on them!!!
Are These Lunar Bases On The Moon Alien Or Man-made?
Alex Jones, Counter Culture Agent
Is nardwuar a true ne'er do well?
IMPORTANT – Video Confirms Butowsky Lawsuit Claim: Julian Assange Told Ellen Ratner DNC Emails Received From Seth Rich – Not a Russian Hack…
Alex Jones, Counter Culture Agent
I think Bob Lazar is telling the truth.
The amount of conspiracy topics in the MSM since the current Epstein case has resurfaced.
I have been shadowbanned from Reddit and literally can't make any post on any Reddit subreddit.
Barbara Walters Next in Jeffery Epstein Case? Quick Video I threw together
Politico expose on Ghislaine Maxwell alleged procuress for Epstein
Numerology Name Calculator
Markle / Prince Harry . . . staged marriage?
THE NATURE OF DUALITY &amp; REALITY | BRANDON DODD | FROM DARKNESS INTO LIGHT
Joe Biden after the raid on Area 51
I feel like the tide is turning for the better
SANDY HOOK - DAVID WHEELER EXPOSED AS ACTOR AND FAKE FBI SNIPER
The term "ice cream" doesn't appear anywhere on this carton of hood ice cream
With the exception of 9/11, forget about any conspiracy you have read on or heard of. This segment blew up my mind like 30 times during the 90 minutes.
The Moon &amp; The Planets
The Moon &amp; The Planets
Area 51 is a government made conspiracy
Test
What if Star Wars (episodes 4-6, not the new garbage) was so popular because it reminded our collective unconscious of real events here (not far, far away) in our own past?
Test
The Moon &amp; The Planets
YouTuber "Criken2" has been involved with and is participating in VERY scandalous acts like using roofies, kidnapping, (maybe children) and possibly leading to deaths seen through "Tomato's" most recent videos and streams which hint toward some of the ghastly things he's doing
There is truth in everything but trust nothing - Anonymous
Remember when the USA claimed to have shot down a hostile Iranian drone, and then like 2 days later Iran posted footage from the drone which proved that it wasn't shot down 😂😂
The Moon &amp; The Planets
The Moon &amp; The Planets
A happy, positive conspiracy.
Videos and animated gifs with large amounts of unnecessary filler / large file sizes are distributed by phone companies in order to waste people's data
The Moon &amp; The Planets
How PragerU Lies to You
Looks like the ZOG alliance will be invading IRAN sooner than expected: "Iran Announces Gold Backed National Cryptocurrency"
5g effects UK House of Commons Debate
Film expert explains why slowing down film or video to fake moon walks wasn't possible.
Am I the only soul on this earth that thinks the new CNN documentary about apollo 11 looks extremely fake/produced???
By using different filters you let the AI know what you'll look like with different hair and age (like if you were under disguise)
Film expert explains why slowing down film to fake moon walks wasn't possible.
Kamala Harris also known to hand out sweetheart deals to known sexual predators. Why isn't this being widely discussed?
Schindler's Ark (List) Is Historical Fiction
What are peoples view on Bighead? I know there is loose evidence around Bigfoot, but is there any one Bighead or is it just folklore?
Ilhan Omar married her own brother. The left’s alliance w/ Islam now makes them the party for inbreeding.
The Globalist Takeover of the Internet
Ilhan Omar married her own brother. The left’s alliance w/ Islam now makes the the party for inbreeding.
My local Los Angeles library is also down with the agenda
Mao's Great Leap Forward, When Communism Was Applied in China, 'killed 45 million in four years'
Clinton's Daily Beast calls Mariano Rivera "far-right" for liking Jews
Army Is Spending Half a Billion to Train Soldiers to Fight Underground
Test
Guantanamo detainee trials could be broadcast online thanks to House measure
What's the worst , craziest, most insane conspiracy you've ever heard ? That one conspiracy theory you think is total baloney! I want to hear them all.
Rand Paul’s Bullshit Attack On Ilhan Omar
I have sent this to people in "authority" no dice.
So, why do you think that the Moon landings (or space in general) were a hoax; or why you don't?
Harris blasts, and takes money from, Epstein's law firm
Buzz Aldrin and Mike Pence on the future of space exploration
New!! Watch Fed Up Teenager ENDS The Abortion Argument With Just One line.
This shit crazy
According to Bernie Sanders &amp; Democrats corporations are bad. So they are going to force them to pay a minimum wage of $15/hour then increase our taxes to pay for social programs. When people are still poor after they do this they will prob continue blaming corporations &amp; banks for their policies.
We Just Dug Up Ilhan Omar’s Arrest Record &amp; What Do You Know, She’s Been Arrested &amp; Jailed
I know I sound stupid but just listen.
Jeffrey Epstein and ''pizaagate''
Wheat Reciets
I faked the moon landing and I liked it
Tucker Carlson (of all people) is discussing the fairly massive protests in Puerto Rico with Tulsi Gabbard.
New!! Watch Fed Up Teenager ENDS The Abortion Argument With Just One line.
Former CNN commentator Marc Lamont Hill admits MSM are controlled by Zionists. Go against their narrative and they will ruin your career.
Where to find good videos?
Moonlanding Trending?
One Day in Gaza - Censored Frontline PBS Documentary
Crazy Shit
MSM reports Russia verify US moon landing real or fake same time Miami Herald published Epstein Scandal Nov 2018. MSM goes with space-based narratives to contain Epstein Scandal from exploding nationally - Area 51, Navy UFO sitings, etc.
Magicians are aliens!
The Protest Dispersed. Then an Israeli Sniper Shot a 9-year-old Boy in the Head.
MAGICIANS ARE ALIENS
Neurotoxins on your kid's broccoli: that's life under Trump
Thousands of bones have been unearthed by forensic experts from two ossuaries within the Vatican as part of an ongoing search for the remains of a missing Italian teen who disappeared in 1983.
La Penca Bombing: Sandinista Plot or Contra False Flag? Who is Vital Gaguine? How does this link to Danny Casolaro?
Super A.I, Higher Consciousness, Afterlife, Simulation Theory
This is the intellect of the average Democrat or Bernie Sanders supporter. And an example of how uninformed celebrities are used as propaganda tools to influence their brain dead fans.
FaceApp bad, Google good
And the conclusion isn't "dumb people watch bad TV and are stupid"
im being stalked by a man who claims to know my future and i need help
Why you should stop being superstitious
Epstein: Sex broker extraordinaire for the elite?
We Are Waiting for Superman
If the International Space Station is constantly getting bombarded by mini meteorites and needs layers of kevlar protection how did the supposed moon landers not get obliterated considering the moon has no atmosphere or protection?
How the Plastics Industry is Fighting to Keep Polluting the World
High Cholesterol Does not Cause Heart Disease
Israeli Company Electronically Hijacked 911 planes - PTech and the 9/11 Software
Information Overload is a Weapon of Control
The Mars family, 3rd richest in the world, are among 17 other billionaire families in America, who have been lobbying Congress to eliminate estate tax. The Quandt family, 8th richest in the world and owners of BMW &amp; Rolls Royce, used slave labor during World War II &amp; did business with the Nazis.
Is it a conspiracy when no one is talking about something major?
Epstein: Sex broker extraordinaire?
Maybe an addition Tamara Tori minimum wage hike, they should have a mandatory minimum hours to keep the greedy 1% from taking advantage of the poor workers. Feel the burn.
A Pizzagate For Dummies guide please? I don't know what the fuck to believe anymore
NASA Scientist Exposes Illuminati’s Constellations
Strange thoughts about the reasons behind both World wars
Could this be part of the 5G takeover?
Google pays $13 million to settle Street View scandal in which its cars and trucks scooped up emails, passwords and other personal information from tens of millions of people all over the world
Conspiracy theorist punched by Buzz Aldrin still insists moon landing was fake. I’m on the fence about if moon landing was real or fake. It wouldn’t surprise me if it was fake. What does the community of r/conspiracy think?
Mount Kailash, the mountain protected by the Chinese military, that has never been climbed and its gigantic statues
Candid Camera 'Elevator Conformity' experiment from 1962 (2 mins)
Is Bob Lazar telling the truth?
My interview with a Slave Laborer from Von Braun's Nazi Rocket Factory- and a couple of the Nazi Scientists (now retired NASA) who worked there. Was Apollo 11 achieved thru the unethical actions of some of the NASA (former Nazi) men behind the Saturn 5 Rocket?
Seymour Hersh/Seth Rich FULL audio
The Evils of the Federal Reserve and Prior Private Central Banks - Rothschild
Why didn't Russia reveal the fake moon landing? 47 years later they tried to reveal Hillary's connections to pedophiles and Satanists; it required the invention of the Internet, the cooperation of a Westerner and his org (Wikileaks), and still the vast majority do not believe.
Reptilian Agenda
Attempts to frame Alex Jones with cp would have failed miserably. Here's w
PG researcher has 27 minute youtube video released after being murdered. Possible dead-man switch?
Human bones have been unearthed in a cavernous underground space near a Vatican cemetery.
human bones have been unearthed in a cavernous underground space near a Vatican cemetery
Genital Self-Mutilation (GSM) is considered a personal disorder, and is linked to Psychosis. According to ancient doctrine, doing it to a 8 day old Baby is considered a duty
I think it is important to distinguish the two lines of inquiry in this Epstein pedophilia/blackmail case.
[LIVE] Violence Erupts Once Again In Hong Kong
Gun confiscations via distracting laws and “digital ledger” manipulation.
Why is nobody reporting about this
I wonder at times is it just a simple design?
The smell of food outside the restaurant is not the smell of food. They are fumes that pour out of vents to mimic the smell of food to stimulate people’s hunger to entice them to come in and buy their food. These fumes are created by companies that sell these fumes to restaurants.
Netflix’s massive loss of subscribers is a conservative retaliation and media is covering up the truth
what we really need!!!
Am I crazy for believing the Octopus Conspiracy?
Interesting wording of a BBC News article
Dr Zahi Hawass and Dr Mark Lehner hide Sphinx drilling report. Found Edgar Cayce Hall of Records ?
Looking for information from moon climate change skeptics.
Alien??????
The Conspiracy Theorists Who Don’t Think We Went To The Moon
The link between Baseball and Politics
Eustace Mullins - Murder by Injection Full Length (40ish year old interview.)
A synopsis of conspiracy. All major conspiracies are rooted in the "New World Order" agenda, which is the age-old Satanic conspiracy against God, and for the establishment of world Satanic conquest.
The Final Truth!
Are you a moon climate change denier? Please, tell me your story!
Russia's Secret Intelligence Agency Hacked: 'Largest Data Breach In Its History'
Senator Mike Gravel screwed by DNC shifting the goalposts, yet again.
VIDEO: Evidence for the Tall White Aliens (North of Creech AFB, Nevada)
Jared from Subway may be tied to Epstein
New US Pentagon Chief Has Vested Interest in War &amp; Conflict: What stands out as Mark Esper's most conspicuous past occupation is working for seven years as a senior lobbyist for Raytheon, the US’ third biggest military manufacturing company
New US Pentagon Chief Is Vested Interest in War &amp; Conflict: But what stands out as Esper's most conspicuous past occupation is working for seven years as a senior lobbyist for Raytheon, the US’ third biggest military manufacturing company
Most Americans are not aware how morally and intellectually destructive American colleges—and, increasingly, high schools and even elementary schools—have become.
Mueller Should Be Arrested for Conspiracy to Overthrow the President: Federal Judge rules that Mueller's assertion of Russian “sweeping and systematic” interference in the election does NOT constitute proof of the charge. IOW, a Federal Judge has ruled that Mueller has made a false indictment.
Another Nail in the Russiagate Coffin: Robert Mueller’s claim of “sweeping and systematic” Russian meddling in the 2016 US election just took another body blow, as a federal judge ruled that his indictment of a ‘troll farm’ is not actual proof of it.
The US spends more per pupil than any country in the OECD, but spends it badly, lagging behind many countries in core competencies. Is it a conspiracy to keep the population dumb or just another example of government waste?
Home of the free and brave....... amirite?!
Las Vegas shooting and the FBI’s gust of wind
A hand-drawn picture by Sandy Hook "Victim" is captioned "Papa Dirk, Have fun at the Island"
In June 1993, 4000 people specifically skilled in transcendental meditation were brought to Washington DC to meditate for peace. Violent crime went down so much the chance it was random was 2 in a billion.
John McAfee: "We Need To Give Control Of Currency Back To The People"
Link to original post
Is Instagram/Facebook watching what we’re doing?
President Trump has bent over backwards to try and make peace with North Korea, unlike any other President in modern history while simultaneously ratcheting up tensions with Iran tu the brink of war. Why you ask? According to the AP it is directly the result of AIPAC.
Potential Prime minister Boris Johnson wants to reinstate key Israel node Priti Patel to become Home secretary. She was fired in 2017 for secret meetings with Israeli government officials and lobbyist groups
False image of Jesus Christ, is the root cause of Racism
Nazi war criminals were at the heart of the Apollo space program
Well and truly stormed
The New Zealand Bigfoot. The Moehau Man. A mystery wild man?
MI6 probe Putin link to tanker trap amid fear ship was lured by Russian spy gear
Highdea
People need to hear this
The Epstein Associate Nobody's Talking About: The IDF-Linked Bond Girl Infiltrating the UK NHS....Nicole Junkermann
What if the Aliens are really at Area 51-A?
Here's a thing....
French terrorist send letter, signed by its identity card, to 52 medias email telling he has been forced by governement agents
No related video. A sponsored page on top. Wtf is going on google ?!?
What Happened To The Lost Woman In Space?
50K people voted to storm area 51
What's behind this?
Why is no one talking about the Russia intelligence hack?
Epstein Crime Map by (Ryan Dawson). Must Watch~!
The white race is a sub species of the human race. Aliens are actually fallen angels that mated w the human race thus come to be the white race. The devil is known as the earths governor think about it...
"American Moon" - Massimo Mazzucco
MAIN STREAM DONT WANT THIS OUT !
Denver International Airport From Patton Oswalt’s Instagram
How to create demons in America
Analysis of the legality and USA pressures around UK seizing the Grace 1 Iranian tanker.
This is ridiculous.
SCP Foundation and Cabin in the Woods
Trump's 2000 Book Predicted 9/11
How to create demons in America
What Will Happen If 100,000 People Stormed Area 51? | Reddit Stories (r/AskReddit)
Muammar Gaddafi Interviewed Just Before Libyan Revolution
NAMBLA - North American Man/Boy Love Association
Biden kisses his 19 year old granddaughter on the lips
Reddit not letting me post anymore?
does anyone know what the thing at bottom of pic is? i know what it is used for but it has a baphomet pentagram, cube, menora,...
And while all this is happening they are still pushing 5g
ok dude im now 100% positive the Austalian Media is corrupt and Purposely Not reporting on epstein
Why is this not on the top!
Robert Mueller Should Be Arrested for Conspiracy to Overthrow the President of the United States
Christian Truthers explaining why some Christians strongly believe in a flat earth
All 44 presidents are related, they all come from same bloodline. Hillary and trump also come from the bloodline of John Of Gaunt. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are cousins too.
23andMe/Ancestry Conspiracy
Search for Missing Teenager in Vatican Cemetery Unearths Thousands of Bones
Christian Truthers
Do you think conspiracy theories are slowly fading away with the digital age?
What if Elon Musk is a real-life Bond villain and we just haven't figured it out yet?
Trust fund babies control Reddit.
Forget Area 51. Lets storm the Vatican
Russia’s intelligence agency hacked on the 50th anniversary of Apollo 11, media claims hack came from within Russia
The Human mouse wheel.
How the dinosaurs died
The Germ Theory deception [ PART 1 ]
Illuminati: Constellations were Manmade? (Proof)
Iran Releases A Footage Capturing British Oil Tanker Stena Impero
Area 51 is Viral
Theory: Moon base exists and elites go to it for vacation
I may sound crazy but I think "Cheers"was trying to tell us something 30+ years ago about the Podesta Brothers &amp; children.
“For autonomous vehicles, there’s no such thing as an accident,” Ricks said. “It’s a crash. It’s programmed.”
'Noose' Which Sent UMich Dean On Racism Tirade Turns Out To Be Fishing Knot Practice. Yet another example of how desperate the left is to exaggerate claims of racism to advance their agenda.
Any thoughta on the movie Thrive? Im half way through and its pretty good...
Looking for Like Minded Individuals
VIGILANTE INTELLIGENCE: "Trump's Pedophiles"
When you just cannot help yourself.
Netflix makes their own shows. They can advertise a non Netflix-original show/film by showing a character watching it on tv (back to the future in: the Stranger things season 3, episode 7 around, 13 minutes)
Why is it that US MSM is comparing illegal immigration detention centers with Nazi concentration camps, but ignoring Israel's policy of actual genocide?
Why do so many celebrities make this sign over their eye? A quick search says it means "666" and brings up an endless list of hollywood celebrities and musicians doing it. Weird...
House of Cards is a show warning us about politics, Kevin Spacey had to pay the price.
They Went to Area 51 and This Is What It Was Like
Trump has been tirelessly trying to start an unprovoked war with Iran. The US MSM has spent the last 3 years using any excuse, truthful and otherwise, to smear Trump. So why is the MSM giving Trump a pass here and beating the war drums?
How do we know the CIA doesn't leak fake internal classified documents?
A view on the ridiculous side of conspiracy theories
Are think tank groups partially responsible for the Iran problem? 🇮🇷
Are think tank groups partially responsible for the Iran problem?
Do yall realize that the moon landing is fake cuz to take off they needed the whole rocket but on the moon they only had a tiny capsule and that obviously didnt had enough fuel to get back to Earth come change my mind.
My son who is 16 has just got a job of lifetime.
Sandra Bullock talks about her favorite facial rejuvenation cream that is made from foreign “foreskin”
What kind of pizza place is only open an hour and a half a week?
During a halftime show in 2013 rapper Eminem seemingly goes into what appears to be some sort of trance
Ringing a bell. Isn't it?
Corruption at it's finest
Leftists get 13 Philadelphia cops fired over accusations of "racism" in social media posts. This is the globalists workaround for the 1st Amendment. Oppose their agenda, get defamed and lose your job.
'Thousands' of bones found at Vatican in search for missing teen Emanuela Orlandi
Rashida Tlaib was thrown out of a Trump rally in 2016 and then wins public office? Something doesn't add up.
Under President @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, I’m proud to report America will return to the Moon within the next five years—and the next man and the first woman on the Moon will be American astronauts!
Spongebob
Getting a DNA swab to find out where you're from
around the 2 min 30 mark the Private investigator pretty much describes gangstalking. Epstein victims became targeted individuals.
Insects are machine learning agents in the Matrix
G00g/e has blacklisted G@b phone app from the g00g/e p/@y store, following @pp/e removing it from the @pp st0re for non jailbroken iph0nes. S!l!c0n v@//ey te[h cens0rsh!p is s!lenc!ng €0nzervxt!ves &amp; those opposed to m@ss !mm!gr@t!0n &amp; mu|+i€u|+ur@|i$m
im more of a mobile user when it comes to reddit, but decided to explore on my desktop. you guys have probably seen this, maybe not. either way, you guys already know how these kinds of things work.
Why are so many pedophiles in positions of power?
NASA Celebrates 50 Years Since Moon Landings… YEAH RIGHT!!
Equifax is to pay $700 million settlement over 2017 data breach
Conspiracy timeline
AOC is a Deep-state psyop controlled by the CIA
Why Iran will never trust the British, by former UK Foreign Secretary.
There is a global ring of intertwined people, corporations, governments, &amp; institutions who have committed dark crimes against children longer than most can fathom. It starts here. Connect the dots.
I am a "conspiracy theorist". I believe men and women of wealth and power conspire. If you don't think so, then you are what is called "an idiot". If you believe stuff but fear the label, you are what is called "a coward".
I am a "conspiracy theorist". I believe men and women of wealth and power conspire. If you don't think so, then you are what is called "an idiot". If you believe stuff but fear the label, you are what is called "a coward".
Declassified US Air Force document on teleportation.
"Interview with a Area 51 S4 Physicist" Hadn't seen this interview before. It'll be a good Saturday rabbit hole for you.
Charts: Everything That Disney Owns
Novel prize winning economist Milton Friedman explains why the minimum wage law is racist.
Epstein’s defense attorneys had an interesting explanation for the false passport.
Why is child abuse by elites such a popular conspiracy?
Part of Heather Marsh’s words at a (since) censored Oxford panel on whistleblowers. Who can tell me more about this amazing woman formerly of Wikileaks?
Weird Youtube channel
AMA about God, Jesus and true Christianity.
Coca-Cola Accused of Funding Colombian Death Squad (2016)
Jessie's lawyer blaming brothers. Another famous person who wants you to forget he got caught.
News &gt; Latin America Coca-Cola Accused of Funding Colombian Death Squad (2016)
Epstein was an International Arms Dealer
Has anyone heard anything about trump “ taking back the chem trails” and from no on we will only see “good chem trails” ?
When Trump spoke about distancing himself from Jeffery Epstein could it have been referring to the Trilateral Commission and their goals and not the child sexual abuse and trafficking?
Can someone fill me in on the epstein thing? I'm kinda lost
A strange message.
I don't know if it's ever been posted here before, but I just found this today and thought it was interesting. It's a list of known CIA front companies.
The Return Of Eugenia Cooney
Shills and Advertisers - Just US
(Now With an SS) One of the Greatest Films, With Many Sequels to Come!
youtube predicts the end of the world?
9/11 Demolition Explosions Heard During WTC Collapse.
Kinda a theory on The Return Of Eugenia Cooney
Go to YouTube, use YouTube search and try to find a video that argues that the moon landing was a hoax.
Thought I'd Share the Perfect Film, Still With Many Sequels to Come!
Loud Mystery "Explosion" and UFO Over Texas
If the socialists overtake the US government do you think they will eventually start jailing all political opposition?
UFO Filmed Hovering Above Newark International Airport
Starz is even on board with the raid. Don’t get distracted from the Pedogate news.
ABCNNBCBS+ FOX. Your "news" is biased, bought, and paid for, but we should have known this after 9-11!
Great vid on the biggest scandal in US history. BCCI/Iran Contra/PROMIS/Inslaw. With appearances by prep school buddies John Forbes.com Ketchup Kerry &amp; Robert Mueller. Mueller @ 32 min. Kerry @ 42 min mark talking abt bankers providing kids as bribes. The was a CIA bank.
Why did YouTube Change my Display Name w/out my permission? This is privacy violation
Hitler's Monsters: A Supernatural History of the Third Reich
Whitney Webb Previews Part 2 Of Her Bombshell Epstein Report
Could Snapchat bots be collecting pictures of us and our lives?
First Chinese Space Walk, 2008. Air bubble visible at 7:53. Evidence that outer space is really water, and the planet is in a massive, dark ocean?
Can You Switch a Living Person with a Fake.? X-Files: I Want to Believe Filmed a Full (Alien) Autopsy on a Fake Human Corpse (not in the movie).
The story has shocked Colombia and much of Latin America but received minimal coverage from mainstream Western media outlets.
Great vid on the biggest scandal in US history. BCCI/Iran Contra/PROMIS/Inslaw. With appearances by prep school buddies John Forbes.com Ketchup Kerry &amp; Robert Mueller. Mueller @ 32 min. Kerry @ 8 min mark talking abt bankers providing kids as bribes. The was a CIA bank.
Nick Mullen on Epstein's Arrest (The COMPLETE TradCath Ascent)
The Truth About What Is Happening On This Planet - The Pedophilia is just the tip of the iceberg! People are getting Dumber &amp; Fatter, The Never-Ending Wars continue, the Mainstream Media is culpable for everything since 9/11 - The Poison in the Food, Water &amp; Air - all connected - Are we Farm Animals
These blackmail operations go back to Meyer Lansky and connect to Epstein/Cohn/Bronfman/NXIVM sex cult
Royal family protected Andrew in Epstein scandal
Oliver Stone and Putin interview - Skripal Affair near bottom of transcript
Crypto Tidbits: “Unstoppable Force” Bitcoin Back at $10,000, Libra in Congress
Numbers Stations Activity?
Donald Trump is trying to free A$AP Rocky in order to gain possession of one of the strongest powers known to mankind so that he can take over the world
The Annunaki &amp; The Pharaohs
The Jeffrey Epstein Story, Explained in 5 Minutes
Education quote
Does anyone know about an active ARG
Big Tech Claims It’s Not Choking Competitors, but Data Suggests Otherwise
"Did We Go?" - A Documentary Film by Aron Ranen (2000) 👨‍🚀
Great Video that shows clear evidence of how video footage of all space events is just Hollywood effects.
Teaching Holocaust, by Philip Giraldi
The Quandt family, the 8th richest family in the world and (owners of BMW and Rolls Royce), have been revealed to have used slave labour in their factories during World War II. According to the Bonn historian Joachim Scholtyseck, "The Quandts were linked inseparably with the crimes of the Nazi."
The Truth About What Is Happening On This Planet - The Pedophilia is just the tip of the iceberg! People are getting Dumber &amp; Fatter, The Never-Ending Wars continue, the Mainstream Media is culpable for everything since 9/11 - The Poison in the Food, Water &amp; Air - all connected - Are we Farm Animals
Robert Maxwell, Ghislaine Maxwell's dad (epstine's friend) was a known 'super spy' that was involved in stealing software made for Federal Prosecutions which was then resold illegally to other countries.
Huh?
Did Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Work for Mossad?, by Philip Giraldi
I was recently banned from a bravo real housewives sub for using the word "Russia"
British Airways flights to Cairo cancelled, Lufthansa also
Becoming
TRUMP PAYOFFS | EPSTEIN ISLAND | IRAN CONFLICT | TED CRUZ GRILLS GOOGLE
Christopher Story, tells you his story
Just got my great grandfathers mason book thingy, wonder what you guys think
Just a friendly reminder about the “sex” scandals finally being exposed right now
This never gets old. "Today is the anniversary of Buzz Aldrin’s moon landing. Watch him punch a moon landing denier in the face"
What country, person or organisation could be behind this youtube channel? It posts well-edited hit pieces on Putin and accuses the new Ukraine President of being a drug addict
The Left Is Embracing Fascistic Ideology, Vox Entertains "Socialist Nationalism"
The Area 51 raid may be a matter of privacy.
I'm afraid that I will die within 2 months
DAE suspect that Silicon Valley has a spy problem?
Pool: The Left Is Embracing Fascistic Ideology, Vox Entertains "Socialist Nationalism"
Area 51 a.k.a. Totonteac: the Seventh City of Cibola?
‘Dirty tricks’ were planned in South Korea’s first democratic poll, CIA files show
With recent "developments" its always interesting to take a look back at JFK
A terrible Explanation of the Mandela Effect
'I just made it up': Florida Dem admits lying about treating Pulse shooting victims after going on the record as saying 'I personally removed 77 bullets from 32 people. It was like an assembly line'
Faked Footage From Lunar Module
Is there any evidence that Ilhan Omar's siblings emigrated to the UK under a different name than Ilhan?
The Physics of Spirituality | Nassim Haramein with Vishen Lakhiani
Reddit's "Something Is Up With Mental Hospitals" Compilation
Alan Dershowitz Cannot Stop Talking Accused of a slew of terrible things, the defense has no intention of resting
Disturbed - No More and Five Finger Death Punch - Wrong Side Of Heaven
Jeffery Epstein brought down Bear Stearns 10 years ago with a ponzi. Today, Deutsche Bank falling and cutting ties with the Pedo. Another ponzi???
Support for $15 Minimum Wage Plummets When Americans Are Told Its Economic Impact
Thank you youtube for educating the masses on Area 51. Totally don't have an Agenda at all.
Awaken
CERN, DEMONS, IG, FB, MGTOW
Dave Collum Goes Deep On "Conspiracy Theories": 9/11, Epstein, Pizzagate, JFK, and The Vegas Shooting
Since it is the 50th anniversary of the moon landings...
Since it is the 50th anniversary of the moon landings...
PSA Re: Epstein / Area 51 Distraction
Religion within the scope of geopolitics
Obama’s best friend in college...
New Top Gun movie coming out. Maverick is wearing the same leather jacket - only this time it’s Communist Party of China-approved, so the Japanese and Taiwanese flag patches are gone - screenshot
MSM continues to label all conspiracy theories as wrong thinking and dangerous
Government Conspiracy
Another investigation silenced
Parents Allow Kid To Have A Gun Because Of Demons . Kid Shoots Parents
Nintendo's Secret Message
This is propaganda. A bunch of wealthy shitlibs who are still upset Hillary Clinton isn’t President.
View of Ground Zero from a Survivor
The media has been the enemy of the people since before Trump was even born. Distrust of the MSM has been a cornerstone of the conspiracy community for just as long. That very MSM connected Trump with the term "fake news" as a psy-op to keep you ignorant.
Let's say the Moon Landing Videos where faked - why didn't Russia debunk them?
An Inspection Of An Alleged Sex Trafficking Van?
Why do I not see a link of this subreddit when I type reddit conspiracy in google?
Mr. Mueller... What Happened at Listrak?
Princess Diana wasn’t murdered because of a muslim, she wasn’t murdered because of landmines, she was murdered because she knew of the disgusting things Jimmy Savile and the rest of the Royals were doing to children and she wouldn’t stand for it.
I decided to test the theory to see if Siri really does listen for data that can be used for marketing. She confirms the theory? (Reposted to correct title)
A question for those who are against vaccination
Why isnt there any protest awareness of the US/Iran situation?
13 Reasons Why the Moon Landing was Fake
The true political spectrum
The irony of a MacDonald's boycott in Tel Aviv. By Kathryn Shihadah reposted from Palestine Home. If Americans Knew
Distractions
Bad News
Gangstalking: A New Type of Internet Conspiracy Cult
Serious question for moon landing hoaxers. Why didn't Russia also fake a moon landing?
This is a classic, but fair is fair. All groups of people should be able to use 'racist', 'anti-white', 'anti-Muslim', 'anti-gay', etc to stifle any criticism of themselves.
A Republican Attorney General kidnapped his own wife and had psychologists sedate her to prevent Watergate from leaking. Imagine the things they actually get away with
Remember when Kevin Spacey put out that very cryptic video? Could it be related to what's happening with Epstein?
Favorite YouTube conspiracy channels? Preferably not too partisan.
i found this channel and it’s unexplainable
2 sisters die after receiving vaccines
The Arizona May Day mystery could be connected to trafficking children.
I've seen organized mass hypnosis/mind control multiple times. No one believed me, and I was labelled psychotic and delusional. I also got killed and brought back to life when I was 15. Ask me some questions about it.
A$AP Rock. Intimidation Tactics. Real Gangstalking in action.
A$SAP Rocky. Intimidation Tactics. Real Gangstalking.
I need help to find out what this is..... YouTube video co-ordinates
We live in a crazy world
Does This Song Sound Familiar?
Video of religious woman with a warning from god blows up 3 years later with no explanation.
Can they cancel flights to Nevada on Sept. 20th?
Why are some birth certificates only the first letter of each name capitalized?
Many Reddit changes happen on a Friday night. Now they are offering to post to just your "profile" or a subreddit when submitting links.
Apollo 11 it was fake?
HBO series Euphoria is giving me the creeps. It's teenagers at school who are hyper sexual . There are several portrayals of underage sex with much older men. The girls are all portrayed as in charge and the sex empowers them. At 15 years old. WTF?
Just like one can be an Atheist and choose no gods to Worship one can choose not to give their Loyalty to any sort of Government because neither gods nor governments ever gave a single F*** about you or anybody else, this I promise.
The GOP is trying to criminalize dissent. Ted Cruz-sponsored bill uses "Antifa" and "left-wing activists" interchangeably
What if this sub was taken over and it's now just a breeding ground for despair to keep us from actively searching for truth?
In today’s world what info can a cop see about you when they run your license on their laptop in their car?
Assembly Line Rick
"Brown’s suspension problems started back in June, after he launched an investigation into data firm Palantir’s role in Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) raids targeting undocumented immigrants"
Trump, The Presidential Campaigns and Elections, Russia, Michael Jackson and a Mysterious Suicide
Journalist Travels to Ilhan Omar’s Homeland to Prove Somalia is Beautiful, Debunk ‘Stereotypes’ – Gets Killed by Islamic Terrorists
Don't kneejerk. This is a conspiracy: There are bad police out there. Acquitted and still serving. Definitely a conspiracy. This one isn't about race, this is just a psychopat.
There are bad police. And there are racists. There's also racist bad police. This is just the former. Acquitted and still serving. Definitely a conspiracy.
What's happening with Julian Assange.
Is climate change a hoax? Curious about peoples opinon.
Epstein is the key, now is the time to open your mouths and unleash the “river”
Louvre Removes Name Of OxyContin’s Sackler Family From Museum Walls
I would like to assume that we are all avid consumers of truth and "conspiracy" related content; so with that being said, please, list below any YT channels, blogs, vlogs, documentaries, series, documents, photos, information, leads, etc. that will in-turn help all of us learn new sources.
Multiple Gates Open
Phillip Brailsford walks free after murdering unarmed man back in 2016, and was let go from the police force. Then he was hired again for one day so he could be eligible for a $2500/month tax payer funded pension check every year for the rest of his life. This is insane
Scrolled by subredditsimulator this morning and was a little surprise d
The masses are easily distracted.
When you get banned for calling out that the sub is clearly being manipulated by companies trying to push a certain narrative #bravorealhousewives
Question: Why can you link Epstein's associates to Operation Paperclip, Nazi research, MK Ultra and Alestair Crowley?
Limits to Growth
Nasrallah: The Next War Will Devastate Israel and Decimate its Population, We Will Liberate Palestine and Pray in Al-Quds
Iran timeline since 2018, multiple sources
Vaccines are anti semitic. Pig virus DNA found in Merck rotavirus vaccine. They say its anti science to question vaccines, but that isn't good enough to explain the pig dna. This is an issue of religious freedom and body autonomy.
[Request] Is anyone here skilled in 3D Animation?
Miss Michigan Stripped of her Title for Wrongthink, not wearing a hijab is now too reactionary.
Moon landings
What do Western progressives, chairman Mao and radical islamists have in common? The obliteration of a people's shared history to rob them of their self determination.
A Russian Facebook page organized a protest in Texas. A different Russian page launched the counterprotest.
Janet Airlines. Discuss
PewDiePie is working with Microsoft
For the day that's in it - American Moon (English Version) by Massimo Mazzucco (torrent file)
Bernie Sanders Staff Demand $15 Minimum Wage, Some Quit Over Low Wages
Reality Leigh Winner a 25 year old veteran anda NSA contracted is in jail for exposing the truth
Academics call for ban on Aspartame. The original decision to approve its use was "seriously flawed".
Christchurch mosque attack is a hoax
I think reddit mods are coming too
I think Iran is being paid off by China to cause a diversion
Secretly Recorded Phone Reveals How Live Nation Helped Metallica and Other Artists Place Tickets Directly On Resale
Are the British elite Baphomet worshippers / cuckold islamophiles?
Son's Room
All this doom and gloom. World is fucked we know this. But I genuinely believe now in the information age what is good and just in the world and human nature will prevail. All will unite, things are changing
Reddit is a Jewish privately owned company. That is why it uses ADL-esque moderation (With Proof)
We really are all doomed aren’t we?
Start connecting the dots
conspiracy fam in redding/mt shasta advice por favor
So did the US actually take down a drone or nah?
Florida
Why I Believe in Alex Jones
TRUMPS WITH IS A RUSSIAN SPY
BlackDogMarket
The only person who will be ever charged for the killing of Eric Garner is the person who exposed it to the world
How Israeli PR &amp; US media reverse the reality
The world’s just sick
Amongst the grander conspiracies, a subtle one leaks through.
I like what Gary vee has to say BUT is he for real?
Instead of being celebrated for telling the truth about Russian interference in the2016 Presidential elections the US Air Force Vet was caged #FreeRealityWinner
Here’s the problem— FEAR/COWARDICE/SELFISHNESS
Stan Knew.
The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated)
Chris Cantelmo, Who Cured His Cancer With DMT is Doing A Gleam Giveaway For $50,000 USD, 5 PS4 PRO 1TB and Merchandise, Every Entree Wins Something.
Tom DeLonge is pushing an idea that the reality behind ufos is a scary thing possibly very bad. Someone who considers there selves to know a lot about aliens etc what could he be alluding to specifically?
Prince Harry and Meghan hire Sara Latham (from Hillary Clinton's Campaign) to Head of Communications. She is listed in Epstein Black Book Under Doug Bands Name/Office
So many people I know and love have invested their whole entire existence into the mechanism that enslaves them.
The Bob Lazar documentary about Area 51 and the US military's hiding of aliens has sparked a mass meme-movement
More youtube creepiness
Can someone explain to me why "Liberals" in the US are (stereotypically) unable/unwilling to see the difference between "Legal Immigration" and "Illegal Immigration"?
Can someone explain to me by "liberals" in the US are stereotypically unable/unwilling to see the difference between "Legal Immigration" and "Illegal Immigration"?
Whuh arent I A Lesbian yet
Pedo Symbol in Cheese Pizza Play-doh Video...
Why does the media fail to say Epsteins victims were teenagers, not kids?
Why don't Jews have any strangehold over Russia like they do in the Europe and English Nations?
TheRealJimmyRoberts1 on Curiosity Rover discovering a flowing river/dam on Mars
You can be nearly certain that Microsoft will be doing harsh breakage to Windows 7 legacy users near the end of this year.
U.S. military is reoccupying Saudi airbase in response to Iran threat
"I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man." - Thomas Jefferson
Colorado
Did Trump really say "grab them by their pussy" - or something like that? (Requesting assistance finding source and context.)
Is there any reason to believe Trump had sex with "young girls" along with Epstein?
CIA's definition of "Remote Viewing" from mid-90s Project Stargate briefing...
The untold story of Indian civilisation
This is everywhere in the country facial recognition is happening and what you can do about it.
Panic ensues after active shooter drill in Chicago goes ‘terribly wrong’
Apollo 18
Siri confirms my suspicions
Book requests
I'm curious how people here feel about jews
PM Netanyahu tweets toward Iran
Is storm area 51 code/pun for liberate aliens?
Statistics for missing children reported over the last 10 years
Made this shirt for my podcast. We all know what "aliens" REALLY are..
upcoming Brad Pitt's movie is literally about secret space program.
How The FDA manipultes The Media
A touch on the obvious 9/11 inside job..
An inside look at a van customized for human trafficking. You never fully understand how evil this shit really is.
Read about “Operation Paperclip” and you’ll understand why most rocket scientists are German
2000 documents to be unsealed,where are they?
Trespassers, Area 51, Bigfoot, Whats next!
Vaccines are anti semitic. Pig virus DNA found in Merck rotavirus vaccine. They say its anti science to question vaccines, but that isn't good enough to explain the pig dna. This is an issue of religious freedom and body autonomy.
Mankind’s Great Accomplishment or Hoax?
Imagine a trump deepfake sex tape posted on pornhub or some something
Storm the *insert target here*
What is Bernie Sanders going to do? Pay for med school for ppl smart enough to attend then make them work for mandatory salaries provided by the government? While eliminating the greedy corporate health ins industry at the same time? While claiming humans are causing climate change?
Facebook is cancer and certain YouTube channels are too.
The best way to bring awareness to something is through memes. Tptb use memes such as the Area 51 memes/joke to distract us from Epstein. This sub has nearly a million users who can contribute to this.
The stone on top of Epstein's temple is a security camera, pointing at an access elevator under the dome
What happened to the Jimmy Kimmel Sabra ad?
Anyone got any good conspiracy YouTube channels?
Deep Dive Into Lyme Disease With Dr. Barre Lando - The Conspiracy Behind It And Natural Cures For It!
Cool or interesting conspiracies
Author sheds light on possible tick weaponization
Disneylands Club 33
CarisJames - remember that weird # that Jimmycomet used on pictures of babies (taped to tables, holding money in their mouths? #CARribean Island St James, i.e. Epstein's Orgy Island
"They" want you to hate yourself. "They" want you to hate your Species. "They" want you to give up on Civilization. "They" want an extinction of the human family structure.
trump’s just on flacko’s side to get young votes 🤡
Police partner with doorbell camera company for surveillance.
Mad Magazine has survived decades, now it is going of publication just as we get a president that cant take a joke....coincidence?
https://youtu.be/nwhv-a31hBM
What's up with these sinister CGI creatures Hollywood keeps producing lately?
What the fuck is this site?
What's a good reason to lie about the moon landing(s)?
OBL had an Illuminati book on his pc, now available for your pleasure courtesy of the CIA
OBL had an Illuminati book on his pc, now available for your pleasure courtesy of the official CIA website.. wtf
Pizzagate summary
I am a "conspiracy theorist". I believe men and women of wealth and power conspire. If you don't think so, then you are what is called "an idiot". If you believe stuff but fear the label, you are what is called "a coward".
Nasrallah: The Next War Will Devastate Israel and Decimate its Population
Russian Pundits Argue on Mainstream National TV: Is USA Trying To Use Biological Agents Against Russia?
#CarisJames - remember that weird # that Jimmycomet used on pictures of babies (taped to tables, holding money in their mouths? #CARribean Island St James, i.e. Epstein's Orgy Island
Epa = 🚮
Is Netflix losing subscribers due to its obvious Satanic agenda promoting cannibalism, pedophilia and suicide?
Banned from R/worldnews for posting this video about climate change
if a picture is worth a thousand words how many words are these two pictures worth?
Aspect of Area 51 event
The child called IT
9/11 without the crazy, this should have millions of views - Dancing Israelis and the bombers at the George Washington Bridge
How Long Is Jeffrey Epstein For This World?
Qanon plan timeline revealed through Tarot
Kind of wild the people pushing the Pizzagate conspiracy voted for the guy apparently running it
Theory on the removal of Belle Delphine's Instagram account
Kyoto Animation Arson, domestic terrorism or potential sleeper agent?
Why Universal Basic Income is another tool for the 1% to increase their control
JFK is a lie
The "progressive" faces of the oligarchy
Let’s do a one time debt forgiveness plan for student loans — but to do this we need ban colleges from offering worthless degrees. Even if we do this it won’t solve the problem of an entire generation raised by helicopter parents who are incapable of managing their own lives.
Man's house put up for sale without him knowing! Rob Wolchek investigates.
DAE think someone (Russia?) is hacking the U.S.’s power grid?
Mars Ruins Clearly Visible Top Right Mastcam Sol 1452
Massive Truth Drop: Large Compilation of Mainstream Media Articles and Interviews Provide Overwhelming Evidence That Israel Supports Islamic Terrorist Groups in Syria
Visible Ruins On Mars Sol 1452w
Sonic Trailer/Cats Trailer Theory
Video Emerges of Bill Clinton Soliciting Sex From A Sixteen-Year-Old Boy
US moves forward on operation to counter Iran, begins sending troops to Saudi Arabia
Ghislane is a submarine pilot
Either Trump &amp; Q are psyop end times deception or "I Pet Goat, II" is... (see interpretations inside)
Proposed methods for reducing American fertility from 1960s. How many are now fact, how many are soon to come?
tryfg decoding?
In my OPINION this post I found on r/internetmystery is strange
Is it me?
What is the NSA doing now?
NASA administrator, picked by Trump, was a climate change denier. Now he isn't. Why is that?
Origins of the 'Storm Area 51' meme
Why does YouTube have this? Feelings really do get hurt nowadays...
I found this weird post on r/internetmystery can someone translate it
In what twisted logic and lack of oversight does it make sense for a man that owns a pizza shop to be honored as being in the top 50 most influential people in the most powerful city on the planet surrounded by the planets most powerful influential people.
WW2 was a good excuse to choose which party could hold power in the U.S.
Talking about perfect timing... Iran seizes British tanker in Strait of Hormuz - BBC News
Pizzagate
Seems like a false flag. Little unoriginal been used a few times.
Without voter ID laws, anyone can vote as many times as they want using different names.
Democrats only win the states that do not require any identification to vote.
President Trump Should Take a Page From President Obama's Playbook.
EPA=🚮
Is it Israel first, or America first? It can't be both.
Starting to get the feeling MICHELLE OBAMA will run against Trump in 2020. Secret plan? Thoughts?
False flag ? I havnt read much in it but who knows if news sources are credible. Seems kinda old using the they attacked our boats battle cry over and over.
This might sound weird as fuck, but In Hollywood, do you need to perform gay rituals in order to move to the top?
Anyone else concerned??
Trump let down American hunters and anglers
My town just installed a new 5g tower within a two minute walk from my house
Reporter asks at White House: 'Sir, have you ever had sex with any of Epstein's girls?'
George Nader, witness in Muellers 2016 election investigation charged with sex trafficking
I lost 900 $ with Innovamine.io | They are thieves and swindlers
US teacher’s union prioritizes “white fragility” over children’s education
John Norman &amp; The Delta Project: A Cover-up of a Giant Trafficking Network and the Accomplices of John Wayne Gacy
It's crazy how pathetic can life become during depression that I have to resort to this
Not many pics out there of Clinton and Epstein. In the last couple of days some new ones with trump and Epstein came out but non of Clinton.
27 Trillion Dollar man
Documentary comes out on Netflix about Bob Lazar, the original Area 51 whistleblower. At the same time, media-sponsored "storm Area 51" meme's blow up on social media. Why is nobody connecting these two events?
Mandela effect: why is Mandela the least talked about?
India prospered heavily under British rule from 1858 to 1947 and we should not deny that
2006 Gawker Article: Shady Billionaire Rundown: Ron Burkle vs. Jeffrey Epstein
Local Virgin Island resident 2 miles from Epstein's island says all the locals want him gone including the police and that "a 6 man team could take the island in under an hour"
By the time we raid Area 51, the government will obviously have moved the aliens.
Is History a Plumbus?
Why'd we create the matrix? Why are we currently in it? and If we are willingly here, is there anything to do about it? (plausible or hilarious speculation plz)
India prospered heavily under British rule from 1858 to 1947 and we should not deny that
Is History a Plumbus?
Neuralink is near. This is a huge breakthrough what's do you guys think? Could this be our salvation? Or is this the start of Blade Runner type of dystopia?
Is this a "Q Proof". Sorry I HAVE TO ASK
This post that is a /r/wayofthebern crosspost. The Bernie supporters are not smart enough to avoid student loan debt. White liberals put people in student loan debt &amp; the brainwashed students then blame Republicans &amp; capitalism for their poor investment.
It’s all memes and games until we actually storm Area 51
Why people believe we're only using 10% of our brain
Can anyone else smell something?
The unsinkable
The Cats movie is being made by someone who loves theater and wants to end Hollywood productions of musicals
How Richard Branson Gets Fresh Water On His Private Island
HITLER, THE BOMB, AND THE HIDDEN TRUTH
Need Info/Video to Assist in Red Pilling an Old Friend
Who Are The "Camo Dudes" At Area 51?
Iran seizes British oil tanker. Distraction?
Could this be inside of Epsteins Island?
Just went pretty hard at a conspiracy block of text rambler. Pasting his block of text, then my 3 part reply. That's cause it couldn't fit in the 10k limit and was more than 2. This post has a text count of 28124 characters.
What Will Happen During Area 51 Raid On September 20th? 📺
How is the movie "Good Boys" even considered acceptable?
The Cure for Numerous Kinds of Cancers Exists
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
Anybody have information on Lee Harvey Oswald's brother?
Multiple Gas leaks and substation explosions throughout Wisconsin. Thousands without power. What is going on?
The "Heat Index" Measures How Stupid You Are
And the saga continues.....
Hypothetically speaking what if the creator story and also the Big Bang theory are both fallacies as in they aren’t the way the universe was formed, what else could be the catalyst?
Literally a false flag event to start WW3?
What are you doing to empower people?
A controversial startup that charges $8,000 to fill your veins with young blood now claims to be up and running in 5 cities across the US
With everything going on at see just thought I'd throw this out here..a great piece by Jordan maxwell,talks about the difference between the "law of the land" is different than the "law of the sea" it kind of all ties in with what is going on now the u.c.c is a lot worse.
Maybe the area 51 raid is to have a distraction. Maybe when people start heading there and the date gets closer to September 20 all the news will be talking of the people camping there
The real truth behind area 51 (Comedy Sketch)
Total conspiracy theory Iceberg Class semi submersible Aircraft Carriers.
How many times have you failed the Turing test?
Anyone have an update on Wolfgang Halbig?
As we stand at the brink of war with Iran, this matrix breaking video which completely opened my eyes to the spell of the mainstream media and how we are conditioned to create our beliefs based on lies and propaganda is extremely relevant.
I didn’t realize this thread was just an extension of the far left sjw and anti Trump
I think it’s necessary for us to make a sticky post that encompasses everything relevant to the Epstein case.
Does "the squad" have a point?
For the longest time I had no idea what happens in Hong Kong - and Asia in general, atm. Winston Sterzel is a South-African who has been living and working in China for more than 15 years - he shed some light on the situation
What is going on with debt and wealthy people?
Mythraism is likely the religion the elites practice. Epsteins temple reminds me of this. A lot of elites have the patterns and actions associated with it. Mecca Jerusalem and the Vatican are shams. They want to destroy Iraq Iran Afghanistan to hide this.
"It's like much of the High Desert of the United States. It's different, but it's very pretty out here." Could it be that it's because it was filmed in the high desert?
Mueller's Man: George Nader on Friday was indicted on new charges of importing child pornography and traveling with a minor to engage in illegal sexual activity, Politico reports.
The Hidden Government
Yesterday Ghislaine Maxwell formally petitioned the Second Circuit Court of Appeals to NOT release the 2,000 pages of Epstein documents...
Jeffrey Epstein: CFR and Trilateral Commission Member
Anyone else feel like were gonna to to war with iran to distract everyone from the pedophilic fuck show that is the government ?
Mike Gravel Launches Last Ditch Campaign To Get On Debate Stage | #DropOutDelaney #DemDebate
Was it the plan?
The Dark Theory Behind the Great Chinese Firewall
Let me be frank
القصة الحقيقية لحرب الحكومة الأمريكية ومجموعة دينية أطول حصار في أمريكا ...
Possible second tanker seized. Liberian flagged, UK owned MESDAR makes abrupt turn towards Iran.
CIA planned or at least predicted exactly what is going on as per this article circa 2005
Muhammad forced people from their homes, forced POWs to convert, held captives for ransom, had sex with a preteen, claimed to talk to angels and even god himself, shoved his tongue in the mouth of small boys, and he executed a little Jewish granny called Zeynab.
Iran says it has seized British oil tanker in the Gulf.
Naruto is full of pedo symbolism. We need to investigate the series creator. (Notice all the pedo Spirals everywhere)
Trump 2020 campaign has realized their only viable option is consolidating their base with overt racism.
Rep. Ilhan Omar Introduces Bill Affirming the Right to Boycott
Breaking: Iran just seized a British tanker. Trump said he'd attack if they did this. Thus comes a day after the US shot down our own drone and said it was an Iranian drone.
Coddling the indulgences of those unwilling to perform self control is now "therapy". Check out the "Radical Therapy Center". Where obesity is not a problem but a way of life.
Catholics in Iowa went to church. Steve Bannon tracked their phones.
US Police Have Killed Over 1,200% More Citizens Than Mass Shooters Since 2015
Where are all the kids that were on Jeffery’s island?
Stena Impero Tanker (Odd Route in Strait of Hormuz)
Mar a Lago revelation Trump’s tax returns
4 Stories of Watergate Interactions in Relation to this Larger Mystery I have had to Solve that Appears to be Mining Deposits Found on the Moon Causing the Lunar Missions to Go Dark. (Refilmed for reddit). This is the reddit for this.
Terrorist
2 "gas explosions" in the same towns as 2 mass shootings
where using only 10% of our brain comes from
Having second thoughts about selling out to SATAN Mr. Cobain?
What if the sudden apparition of the "They Are Not Human" stories and conspiracies reflect something dark in the collective human psyche?
Western Civilization Is Fatphobic And Must Be Destroyed
The Sundial behind Trump
George Nader charged with sex trafficking
Hassan Nasrallah of Hezbollah, Lebanon, subtitled in English. Says will bring Israel to the stone age.
The man behind the ‘Storm Area 51’ Facebook page was inspired by a conspiracy on Joe Rogan's podcast — but now he's says it was just a joke that went too far
“Did you know that the majority of black deaths are caused by other blacks? Fix problems within you own community before blaming others.” --- This is the sentence that stripped a beauty queen of her title
Why Epstein is being called a foreign asset - Ben Swann guests on a great RT segment
False Flags – Not the Fringe Conspiracy but Reality: "Every single war we have entered from World War I to Vietnam and the invasion of Iraq has all been predicated upon false flags."
362 High-Resolution Still Images From Epstein's Island. Courtesy of Rusty Shackleford on YouTube. Found on his Google Drive... Dig away.
Why are only white countries forced to be multicultural
Anyone else notice how odd it is that “outrage culture” became insanely prevalent around the same time Snapchat decided to start showing “news” within the app?
Robert Mueller Should Be Arrested for Conspiracy to Overthrow the President of the United States, by Paul Craig Roberts. Unz Review, 17 July 2019.
Connecting the Dots: from Epstein to Israel supporters and back - a Tale of a Blackmail Operation
News Sources
The Russians having trouble with nuclear reactors makes me shake my head. With the track record they have it is a cause for alarm. Recently they floated a nuclear reactor to Siberia. Mankind should leave the power of the stars where it belongs. In space.
those pesky globalists finally let their guard down
No moon landing* posts on the 50th anniversary?
Mueller witness George Nader charged with transporting 14-year-old boy for sex, child porn
Is it perfect for the event ?
Occult symbolism of CNN
Tom Clancy tried to warn us! H.A.W.X.
Nazi Ties to the European Union - WW2 Codebreaker Harry Beckhough
My Experience as a Targeted Individual (Gangstalking)
Pro-Vaccine vs Anti-Vaccine: Should Your Kids Get Vaccinated? ~ 14 minute video with some great comments
First Heartless Human in The World – He has no pulse (Video)
Robin Thicke's video for "Get Her Back" is full of insane occult symbolism. What other music videos are the best examples of this?
SHOCKGORE.COM links allowed showing rape....Bitchute links blocked sitewide.
It’s been over two weeks since an appeals court ordered 2000 Epstein documents released.
Jeffrey Epstein is to the United States as Jimmy Savile was to Great Britain
Documentary - The Nimitz Encounters
What's up w/ Tim Pool lately? "Journalist Returns To Somalia; Gets Killed By Terrorists"
Pro-Vaccine vs Anti-Vaccine: Should Your Kids Get Vaccinated? - 14 minute video (read the comments too)
The US government unilaterally heightened tensions with Iran so that they can use them as the 'bad guys' in their new military recruitment video, Top Gun : Maverick.
"Vaccine-Derived" Polio on the Rise ~ "when a recently vaccinated person contracts vaccine strain polio or attenuated poliovirus in the OPV is excreted or “shed” in saliva, urine ... of a recently vaccinated person’s body and infects close contacts, who develop vaccine strain polio paralysis"
Amazing Polly covers Epstein's ties with the Dalton Elite School: A bit more exploration of just how deep the rabbit hole goes
Rights do not exist. We made them up in our heads. Power does exist and those in power will conspire to keep it at all costs.
Who - in your opinion - is the worst crises actor(s) you've ever seen?
People seemed so chill about these "deadly" infections compared to today.
Ufo Technology
The Bible says there will be a Great Deception, and a lot of Christians definitely seem deceived.
Guy Behind 'Storm Area 51' Page Worried About Visit From FBI
Does anyone know how I can get access to dark web? 😂
According to Epstein's Former IT guy, the strange "temple" structure on Little St. James/"Pedo Island" was actually a gym
LOL where did ISIS go?
Cyborcosis - Wracket
Ghislaine Maxwell Asks Court to Keep Jeffrey Epstein Files Sealed
How far can this go?
Bob Lazar book is out on 24 september... The "raid" is 20 september. PR Stunt ?
[Privacy Guide] Rabbit-Hole Roadmap for the Cautious
I FUCKING KNEW IT
The Jeffrey Epstein Story | Explained in 5 Minutes
If you are not financially secure enough to be able to tell your boss to fuck himself, then you are not free. (x-post from /r/WayoftheBern)
If as many little boys were diddled in a Chuck E Cheese’s as a Catholic Church there would be no Chuck E. Cheese’s how is there still a Catholic Church?
Why don't we learn this in schools?
Decoding the Streets: Fake Graffitis
Trump's Pedophiles
How will we ever get an alternative to YouTube with real free speech?
Presidential candidate MikeGravel has been removed from the DNC debate because he hasn't hit the polling requirement. Instead, the DNC tapped several candidates who don’t have as many individual donors.
In light of the interesting birth control post, conspiracy thoughts on vasectomies?
So either Iran is lying about not having a drone shot down or we are lying about shooting down their drone. Now, that is a conspiracy.
Here's looking at you faceapp, facebook, ect
Psychotropic drugs given to nursing home patients without cause
The CIA Wants to Make It Easier to Jail Journalists and No One in Congress Is Stopping It: If this amendment becomes law, reporting on covert activities will be something only criminals do. It will make it that much easier to punish journalists for printing facts.
Congress Screwed Us By Giving Vaccine Makers Legal Exemptions: Ever since the 99th US Congress caved to Big Pharma under duress with passage of the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986, the CDC and FDA have been committing healthcare and medical science fraud
Mar a Lago is, was Government property.
Evergreen
FaceApp saying they delete user photos in 48 hours is a misnomer – Once the photo is run through their algorithm, the mathematical output is all they want and that’s what they keep. The original photo is no longer needed and discarded.
EPA allows use of controversial pesticide linked to health problems in children
Be careful.
FaceApp saying they delete user photos in 48 hours is a misnomer – Once the photo is run through their algorithm, the mathematical output is all they want and that’s what they keep. The original photo is no longer needed and discarded.
Drug companies poured 76 billion opioid pills into US neighborhoods in just six years — Newly released data shows that between 2006 and 2012, as the drug epidemic spiraled out of control, drug companies flooded the country with oxycodone and hydrocodone pain pills.
What other conspiracy forums do you guys use?
“It’s Going to Be Staggering, the Amount of Names”: As the Jeffrey Epstein Case Grows More Grotesque, Manhattan and DC Brace for Impact
The Perestroika Deception
If the Epstein case names as many big names as they're claiming, expect a BIG distraction event.
Jake Tapper tweets "Evergreen" (Hillary Clinton's Secret Service codename) when responding to how the Epstein case "is going to get so much worse"
The Curious Case of Ilhan Omar
[Meta] Some mods are removing comments in the stickied AutoMod comment citing rule 2 despite the recent rule emphasis.
The New York Times has become anti-american propaganda
You have been automatically banned from r/offmychest for participating in a hatereddit
“Young Girls”.....they’re CHILDREN
Wake up Morty!
The Curious Case of Ilhan Omar
Are they Going to Try Assange as A Terrorist? Statute of Limitations Raises This Question
Are the Area 51 memes a bad sign for us?
Has youtube gone full authoritarian? As of this morning all my recommendations are for normie/msm stuff; up until last night it was small channels I actually watched.
Steve Tesich 1992: “We are becoming prototypes of a people that totalitarian monsters could only [dream about]. Dictators up to now have had to work hard at suppressing the truth. [...] In a very fundamental way we, as a free people, have decided that we want to live in some post-truth world.”
Buried In Broad Daylight - The ‘Free Press’ And The Leaked OPCW Report On Douma
Iran says US may have shot down its own drone by mistake
Rosa Koire. UN Agenda 2030 exposed
I've never posted here, but Idk where else to go to help me make some sense of this. "This is bigger than it looks folks. We're not talking about a payoff to an adult pornstar. We're talking about a payoff to a pornstar for helping cover up the rape of a barely teen girl"
Clip of Trump admitting kissing TV host on lips before allowing her to film him partying with billionaire paedophile Epstein resurfaces
'Pedophilia, it's all a load of rubbish. There's nothing to see here. It's all a conspiracy.' This is how they down play one of the sickest crimes against humanity.
Another false flag?
What if DuckDuckGo was created by google to find out which users distrust them?
The Real Story of Jeffrey Epstein That the Media Isn’t Telling
Mar a Logo wasn’t just supposed to be Trumps southern White House.
Did you know?!
LSD, John Lennon and Ronald Reagan: Why The World Sucks and What You Can Do About It
Time Magazine article written by an organisation funded by globalist billionaires such as the UNDP, Soros' OSF, the European Commission, Facebook &amp; Google advocates pro mass-migration brainwashing lessons for young children in schools
The Real Story of Jeffrey Epstein That the Media Isn’t Telling
Reason Why There Are Fewer Terror Attacks
US House chaplain holds EXORCISM after ‘spirits of darkness’ engulf proceedings
432hz mystery debunked lmao
UFO Filmed Hovering Above Newark International Airport
UFO Sighting 2019 - UFO Filmed Hovering Above Newark International Airport
Human 2.0 - Short documentary about AI/The Transhumanism Agenda
Human 2.0 - Short documentary about AI/The Transhuman Agenda
Dershowitz Drops a Epstein Leak on Laura Ingraham Angle: "Accuser claims to have sex tapes of Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, Richard Branson"
Not sure if jokes like this are appreciated here but found this today in a flight
Iranian military say all its drones returned safely to base after US claimed it shot one down
Found these when i was looking at Area 51, does anyone know what these are?
ILHAN OMAR - Documents Renew Questions On Suspected Marriage to Brother
The gov allowed it 😳😳
You are the last of the humans!
Dershowitz Drops a Epstein Leak on Laura Ingraham Angle: "Accuser claims to have sex tapes of Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, Richard Branson" @ 37:33
Is anyone else bummed out that it took Neo-McCarthyism for people to wake up about the dangers of facial recognition?
STORMING AREA 51 FOR 10 HOURS
This whole Area 51 thing is clearly a giant cash-grab.
2011 and 2012
WTF
Ezekiel 4 proved America is Israel and China is Judah, 430 years 400
Just in time for a new recruitment drive for the military. top gun 2
You know how it feels like the world is going crazy and nothing makes sense? That’s what propaganda feels like.
Elon warns us about AI on JRE then creates the ability to interface with AI in 2020
Drumpf and Pope Frank
Since Trumps inauguration, sex crime prosecutions declined by around 50 cases each year - QAnon - 2BrainsLoser
nasa lunar gateway conspiracy
Asteroid 2019 NJ2 To Approach Towards Earth TODAY, May Harm Us If Hits
Do the elites really trace their roots back to Ancient Egypt?
Ringleader of group that murdered Norwegian girls in Morocco was radicalized at a Saudi-funded Mosque in Geneva
Julian Assange Full Data Dump When Arrested Found Here - #WikiLeaks #FreeAssange #JulianAssange
Absurdity of a “War on Terror”
Conspiracy reaches 911k subscribers.
What's Under Jeffery Epstein's Temple?
War With Iran - The Time Of Judgment Day
ILHAN OMAR - Documents Renew Questions On Suspected Marriage to Brother
His name was Danny Casolaro. He suicided himself by cutting his wrists slashed 10–12 times while investigating theory that during the Iran hostage crisis, Iran held back American hostages to help Reagan win the 1980 presidential election, the collapse of the BCCI, and Iran–Contra.
HALLWAYS ARE ROOMS
FaceBook is deleting quotes from the Catholic saint Augustine of Hippo claiming they are "hate speech"
Just thought id share these lyrics
So Epstein’s top associate Maxwell’s father was a media tycoon who was murdered by being thrown off his yacht, reportedly by Mossad. The former Israeli spy who investigated her father’s death was also hired by the NXIVM sex cult to try to lure one of their top critics onto a yacht in the Caribbean.
Fentanyl crisis question
Spider-Man Far From Home blatant conspiracy references
Project Blue Book tv series...
"I know your intentions are good but aren't the police the protective force that maintains the status quo for the wealthy elite? Don't you think we ought to attack the roots of social problems instead of jamming people into overcrowded prisons?"
Trump controlled by Mossad? Who are Epstein’s handlers? Bill Browder worked 4 Robert Maxwell &amp; Edmond Safra. Maxwell worked w/ Jewish/Russia mobster Mogilevich. Safra reported bank of NY for money laundering then died. Mogilevich used Bank of NY to launder $. All connected to BCCI/Iran Contra.
How the epstein trial will be the beginning of a journey towards awakening/world peace for us all.
AI is already taking over. Proof we’re fucked
The Trump administration is prosecuting fewer and fewer sex trafficking cases, notes new analysis
Public Service Announcement
From a magazine from 2004
Israel’s Choice for U.S. President. Philip Giraldi on Nikki Haley. American Free Press
Bonanza Media Blows Lid Off Dutch MH17 Investigation - Malaysian Forensic Team Proves Ukrainian FSB Faked Audio Recordings Prior to MH17 Shootdown
"For too long politicians have refused to speak about this issue for fear of being seen as racist, but that has only exacerbated the problem" German Feminists release exposé on the threat to women and destruction of Swimming pool safety by migrants from the Middle East and Africa
/r/worldnews and Israel
Zionist America, Epstein, and Iran (While the media distracts)
Zionist America, Epstein bombshells, and Iran (While the Media distracts)
In honor of the Area 51 memes, here is "Area 51: The Alien Interview" (1997)
Apollo 11 documentary that examines the moon hoax. Includes 16 original 1on1 interviews with Apollo participants. From Buzz Aldrin to the Navy Frogman who rescued him. Film also explores role of NAZIs in NASA moon program
What the FUCK
Apollo 11 documentary that toys to prove it was real. 16 original interviews with Apollo mission participants
Tracy Twyman supposedly committed suicide. Clyde Lewis is talking about it live.
Area 51 What Might Happen
Well shit
conspiracy: Aliens at Area 51 eat humans that's why they're locked up. Government doesn't want to say though. ..
Question for Deep Web Users
Angry at the Sheeple
AREA 51 CONSPIRACY ABOUT WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN
2016 Canada Federal data dump - WEATHER MODIFICATION
Quantum Teleportation: Scientists make shocking breakthrough using diamonds
The truth about the area 51 raid...
The Manufactured Invention of the Beatles, Stones, Grateful Dead and the Birth of Rock n’ Roll by the Tavistock Institute; A Jesuit Corporation.
If Climate Change was real then why did they change the name?
It most definitely was a Turkish bathhouse.
Amanda Bynes
'Gendered' Terms Like "Manhole", "Policemen", &amp; "Chairmen" To Be Banned In Berkeley, CA
Disclosure?
Compensation for FaceApp Celebs
Epstein Crime Map - Ryan Dawson (Must watch)
Got any tips for a white guy dating an Arab girl?
EPA Says It Won’t Ban Pesticide Chlorpyrifos
Canada Federal 2016 data dump WEATHER MODIFICATION
Canada Federal 2016 data dump WEATHER MODIFICATION [126 mbyte PDF]
Ryan Dawson Epstein Crime Map really puts things into perspective
July 16th marks the 50th anniversary of the Moon landing. Do you think it was fake?
It's the genes, not the vaccines
Prediction: Major Earthquake within 48hours
Targeted Individual - SURVEILLANCE AT MY STORAGE UNIT 7/17/19 (Gang Stalking)
Jeffrey Epstein Crime Map
Queen to intervene in Brexit?
Coincidence?
What if this life is a simulation?
What If?
Shut up
What would you think if the government announced that aliens are real?
Epstein Crime Map (Updated)
Thoughts on debt cancellation?
Do you think Minecraft was created for something OTHER than just an entertaining video game?
If Ilhan Omar is revealed to have obtained her Congressional seat with a fraudulent identity... It could be bad news for Obama.
Nasa reveals dozens of stunning new moon landing photos to celebrate Apollo 11 mission's 50th anniversary
3rd Plane Circling the WTC on 9/11 could have been for building #7
Date for the Nicae
Yahoo misspelled “Raped” again.
Anybody noticed the swerve.
This is the Zodiac speaking - My name is
Help the government wants me
“Lolita Express” inspired from Kubrick?
Audit The Fed? Bernie Sanders amended a law back in 2011 and got the first ever audit passed.
Trump telling the public that we’re still trying to go to war with Iran
Iran Lied, Admits It Seized 'Fuel-Smuggling Tanker,' US 'Destroys' Iran Drone &amp; Epstein Mossad Ties
The United Arab Emirates Official Denied Any Oil Tanker Owned Or Operated by Them Was Captured and Iran Says None of Their Drones Were Shot Down. Seems Like Fake News To Me.
So I stumbled upon this video and I would like to share it to the anime community, because I feel like there was some foul play behind the fire of Kyoto Animations Studio and my thoughts and prayers goes out to those who are injured and who sadly passed away.
American warship in the straight of Hormuz
Ilhan Omar is actually Ilhan Nur Said Elmi and entered the US fraudulently in 1995
The conspiracy behind Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez
People keep saying Trump was on Epstein's island as well, or is connected. What kind of things make people sure about this?
The Strait of Hormuz drone incident is to distract you from Hope Hicks lying under oath
Colorado State has put out a notice to avoid being controversial: 'Avoid' using 'Americans,' 'America'
Conspiracy idea: trump has plants in the audience to create various “chants” to test the various receptions of them.
In a similar vain to Epstein: Deborah Jeane Palfrey - Ran an escort service with high profile clients, only two were ever named and when asked if some names relevant to the 2016 election could be revealed the US Supreme Court refused
The raid on Area 51
A theory as to why Epstein got a light sentence.
With all of the temple symbolism questions, I think it's time to re-post this. Secrets in Plain Sight - an immensely detailed documentary on occulted / esoteric architecture throughout ancient and current societies
Angelina Jolie about some rituals that she participated in
Area 51 you say?
How were they able to land on the moon when they can't land there nowadays?
Ilhan Omar Happened Because Media Chose to Lie to You
The Media Encourages Black on Black Crime
How sexual predators operate in plain sight
Broadcastify and Summerville, South Carolina
I noticed it's my cake day. The Government will not save you. Corporations are the Government.
Epstein being locked with no bail
Even when you try and extend an olive branch to offer condolences after one of their fellow TMOR mods passess away, this is what you get in return.
Top Gun 2 trailer is released as soon as tensions rise with Iran.
Area 51 Bamboozle.
Look at this google map of area 51, If you drag your little google guy around he's in a flying saucer
Can you feel it Mr Krabs??
Looking for Jackalope Conspiracy Theories
Jesus was a revolutionary that spoke against the elite devil worshippers/pedophiles of his time
Hammam Yalbugha and Epstein Island
Medical professional gets his comment removed from r/worldnews..."So you admit government handling of water in Flint had stupidity and poor choices...but you want them to also inject us."
I think all these area 51 memes lately were planned to further prepare us slowly for eventual disclosure
Freedom of speech under attack! Crowd calls for congresswoman to be deported due to her criticism of the country
Youtube automatically unsubscribes me from certain channels ,and when hitting the bell it propmts a [404] error, they are mostly conspiracy related channels such as the Corbett Report but also Sam Harris and some others, censorship begins? What are some other channels ?
Freedom of speech is dead: Crowd calls for congresswoman to be deported for being critical of America
Our system is designed to keep criminals in a life of crime.
Donald Trump And Jeffrey Epstein - Thank You For Being A Friend
The Cancer Cure Cover-Up (Conspiracy Documentary) - Real Stories
Formally classified Nikola Tesla documents released by the FBI
A reddit user who goes by the name of u/Traviswright22 successful predicted that Iran will make a interactions with a usa ship. For oil prices
Trump says U.S. Navy ship shot down Iranian drone
Curious who is paying mods in /r/politics and related threads lead discussion and bury dissent
The government is hiding more than we think...
New Credit Card That Puts Limits On Your Carbon Footprint. Optional... For Now.
The mystery of Epstein's dental chair in his bathroom is finally solved.
FaceApp security concerns: Russians now own all your old photos
A Death In Athens - Did a Rogue NSA Operation Caused the Death of a Greek Telecom Employee?
Trump: Ilhan Omar Was Married to Her Brother
This Guy is gonna Live Stream Area 51 Raid
Help
Epstein Island Temple Resembles a Turkish Bath House in Aleppo, Syria Called "Hammam Yalbugha"
If you want proof of how much Reddit has embraced hidden advertising, just take a look at /r/hailcorporate
I made a demon video and Reddit gave me 66.6% of my 666 subscribers.
Are Shills pay rate based on the Karma of their Posts and Comments or how closely it follows the narrative being pushed?
Everyone's talking about Epstein, but perhaps we should focus more on Ghislaine Maxwell.
What trending subreddits appear on your feed?
I need a better explanation of this BAN that Epstein faced.
Tracy Twyman has passed away
Documents detail Trump team's conspiracy to arrange illegal payment to porn star
A little conspiracy-tinged song for you folks: "The Finders - Bags of Bones"
Prosecutions for child sex trafficking plummet under Trump: Coincidence?
FaceApp and The Propagation of The Russia Boogeyman or: The News Cried Russia
Trump describes kissing married TV host in creepy 1992 interview
Tried the New FaceApp on Famous Pornstars - Daily Infinite
Why you can’t compete with Google: The Deplatforming of LiveVideo.com
Scapegoat much
Hidden in Plain Sight: The Shocking Origins of the Jeffrey Epstein Case
Initiative Q
Hidden in Plain Sight: The Shocking Origins of the Jeffrey Epstein Case — Epstein is only the latest incarnation of a much older, more extensive and sophisticated operation that offers a frightening window into how deeply tied the U.S. government is to the modern-day equivalents of organized crime.
Join the DisclosureOfEvil
FaceApp data will be used to track the American population
Area 51 &amp; Alien memes - A Distraction
Israeli army shooting a detained boy who is handcuffed and blindfolded
Anyone else wanna go raid area 51 with me?
How FaceApp could be used to manipulate elections
Parents encouraging children to 'socially transition' gender risks long-term harm, say NHS experts
House of Representatives orders Pentagon to investigate whether ticks were once used as biological weapons
Hidden in Plain Sight: The Shocking Origins of the Jeffrey Epstein Case — Epstein is only the latest incarnation of a much older, more extensive and sophisticated operation that offers a frightening window into how deeply tied the U.S. government is to the modern-day equivalents of organized crime.
[META] Decided to test out the whole meta/rule 2 thing after seeing yesterdays "PSA". Surprise! Mods don't understand the rules either!
Initiative Q
Any theories?
David Steinberg: The facts describe perhaps the most extensive spree of illegal misconduct committed by a House member in American history. ...Ilhan Omar
What is behind the push for a $15 minimum wage?
Large Structure around my neighborhood. Whenever within about a half-mile or so, walkie talkies and radios do not work and make a loud interference noise. Government Structure? What is this?
Jeff Epstein denied bail!
Epstein denied bail! Pedos shaking in fear.
Wanna be famous? You gotta do something evil... (Illuminati initiation 'parody' sketch)
Jeffrey Epstein Denied Bail
'Anti-vaxxer' parents face £2,000 fines as Germany makes measles jab compulsory
Don’t let porn steal your sexual energy!
Flesh-eating bacteria
Epstein continued to abuse girls during his work-release jail sentence
Powers and Principalities series
Ilhan Omar has introduced a resolution affirming that Americans have the right to boycott Israel
Joe Biden will be POTUS in 2020 and heres why. Buckle up
Anti-White REPARATIONS Video Goes Horribly Wrong
Amazon offers $10 to Prime Day shoppers who hand over their data
Don’t you think it’s awful coincidental that FaceApp (equipped with age progression software) gets released 6 moths after Facebook’s “10 year challenge”?
Flesh eating bacteria on the rise.
George W. Bush's numerology connections to 9/11
In 2011 the NRO gave NASA two unused space telescopes.
A little over a year before he was assassinated, JFK called the MSM out on censorship, and warned of a secret cabal that would use the press, if possible.
Abortion vs Vaccines
Why aren’t we talking about Omar’s fraud marriages and illegal activity?
In 2011 NRO gave NASA two unused space telescopes?
Serious Question: Why would a person (Jeffrey Epstein) hold on to a very long expired passport?
What happened to all the good conspiracy related videos on YouTube?
DO NOT USE FACEAPP
Google's manipulation of voters
Jeffrey Epstein denied bail, will remain jailed pending trial on sex trafficking charges
It's finally out into the mainstream: "House orders Pentagon to reveal whether it turned ticks into biological weapons"
If feminism is really about equality why aren't the chairs the same? Feminist wins an award for designing a chair that makes "manspreading" impossible.
Remember when the NRO gave NASA two unused space telescopes?
The Washington Monument
Kevin Spacey - Conspiracy Leader or Victim?
Corrupt Gods
Our system is designed to keep criminals in a life of crime.
FaceApp is a huge scam.
House to Pentagon: Did You Weaponize Ticks? (Corbett Report)
Watch this video of a couple who's triplets were catastrophically damaged by one vaccine. Triple damaged triplets "lost their smiles" on the same day and made totally autistic, from one shot. Anyone who can still defend the safety of vaccines after watching this is a psychopath.
The theme of the new James Bond films just made sense.
No, Big Tech Isn’t Silencing Conservatism
Kids "sippy cup" tests for 50 X the legal limit for lead, still being sold on Amazon.
Too much cognitive dissonance in this subreddit
Could we start an ongoing list of all the shady stuff pointing to a sex trafficking circle running through the administration and 'detention' camps ?
"It's Going To Be Staggering": Epstein Associates Prepare For Worst As Massive Document Dump Imminent
Monopoly, a game originally made as a commentary of landlords and property costs, now openly mocks millennials for their collective poverty. Nice
Apples new emoji craze
Feminist chair makes you geigh.
Theycantstopusall area51 - what's the intended outcome from this psyop
Conspiracies about good things?
Terrorist attack in Japan? Anime studio set on fire, 33 dead
Abby Martin: With polls showing notable drop in support for Israel among Democratic voters, the political pressure on 2020 candidates has increased. In response to this shift, most have made their positions on Israel &amp; Palestine more ambiguous — so let's dig deeper into their views!"
All these Area 51 posts on the front page
No, Apple, we don’t need 72 different emojis to represent gay, straight &amp; lesbian couples in 5 races
Warning: Reddit admins are removing comments and banning users that discuss or define "pedophilia" vs. "ephebophilia"
Re-released footage aired of the night Trump partied at Mar-a-Lago with Epstein, NFL cheerleaders
Why Google poses a serious threat to democracy and how to end that threat.
What Is Area 51 And Why Do 1.2 Million People Want To Raid It?
Here’s my response to the pussy moderator of Antarctic Anomalies. You can’t stop me from exposing what’s going on because I’m going to keep coming back and coming back now here let’s show them who the shill really is
Buzz's "schedule conflict" with the 50th anniversary of the moon mission was on purpose, of course.
Maybe the US is about to have an Ebola outbreak?
Help: Vanishing Epstein Victim Press Conference?
Little St. James Island? He bought Great Saint James island in 2016.
Does anyone have any new information regarding the Alaskan Pyramid?
Expert Testimony on the Senate Judiciary Committee: Google swayed between 2 and 10 million votes for Hillary Clinton.
They want political violence. Feds refuse to prosecute northern california man who threatened to kill Rep Matt Gaetz: "Do you know that I could blow your f**king head clean off your shoulders from over a mile away? I’m coming after you"
Is the "we hate trump" media working with fake journalists?
UFO CRYPTID and PARANORMAL News (Area 51 special)
Cross-Post: Why is my Google search on Firefox Focus so... simplified, for lack of a better word
Get your STORM AREA 51 T-shirts
What is Trump trying to distract from?
Deeper connections between Epstein, Wexner, and Trump
Hers my response to the Moderator of AntarcticaAnomalies. Put your money where your shill mouth is . Either put up or stfu and several other cliches.
CIA's critical role in the revival of Islamic fundamentalism
Federal judge orders docs released in Trump hush money probe as investigation ends
FaceAPP developed to generate realistic Twitter accounts.
pyramid structure
Between 2006 and 2012, opioid drug makers and distributors flooded the country with 76 billion pills of oxycodone and hydrocodone—highly addictive opioid pain medications that sparked the epidemic of abuse and overdoses that killed at least 100,000 people in that time period.
The proof that Trumps new rally cry "love it or leave it" is 100% KKK
Coast to coast by art bell
Panama Papers show Jeffrey Epstein kept funds offshore. Can the money even be tracked?
Synchronicity; what is it?
Fire at Kyoto Animation suspicious
Prosecutions for child sex trafficking plummet under Trump. They tripled under Obama.
Conspiracy sub is here just for entertainment / make you feel powerless
The real reason Instagram wants to get rid of likes
Unearthing the Dark Secrets Hidden in Stanley Kubrick's The Shining
I had a dream(vision?) about advanced weapons (alien invasion?)that felt a little too real.
Iran state TV: Iranian forces seize foreign oil tanker, crew
Ever wondered where this superstition around mummy tombs being cursed came from or if it has any merit? Well, here are the answers to your curiosities..
Jeffrey Epstein used foreign passport with fake name to enter Saudi Arabia: prosecutors
The Forward is mad that Epstein got caught
Why do so many wealthy upper-middle class American Jews hate white people so much?
"Giving Your FaceApp Selfie to Russians Is a Really Bad Idea" ....oh, burn ...Russians are behind FaceApp .... anyone has something similar on Facebook App ?
Investigate the Taiping Rebellion: Christians slaughtered 30 million Confucianists and Buddhists, in "the deadliest civil war of our species".
Barcelona terror attack leader was an informer for Spanish intelligence till the end.
Law of Attraction and Luciferian Origins
anyone else feel like this person is planted by youtube? just a casual girl living with her pet snake in a van? seems like something which is pitched for a movie. she has 2 videos and 800k subs? something is off
“I said Conrad’s!”
Do we really know anything?
YouTube Conspiracy : Only 2 videos and gained 800K sub. Was she planted by YouTube?
What if the US government paid google to hide their actual secret bases on the photos of google earth and Area 51 is just a decoy??
/r/conspiracy shadowbanned from /hot/ and /best/?
US Congresswoman Stacey Plaskett, who received financing from Epstein and had an office in the same building as the Epstein corporation that owns the title to his NYC mansion, had a video leaked by a former staffer in 2016 depicting her naked husband wearing makeup with their daughter present
Out of all the victim storys of pedophilia and satanic abuse this one is the sickest iv come across. Its heartbreaking, but makes so sense in this sick world
Aum Shinrikyo previously suspected of developing weapon with energy close to that of a nuclear bomb
Study Claims Google, Facebook Keeping Watchful Eye on Porn Site Surfers
DEA tracked every opioid pill sold in the US. The data is out—and it’s horrific
Will they properly go after Epstein, or will it get Burried?
Vigilant Citizen - The Sansevero Chapel
Hello I have a theory involving Trump-Epstein, Mike Pence and Q.
According to articles out there, Epstein got his Wall St. break after tutoring son of Alan "Ace" Greenberg (remember AIG?) James Cayne (remember Bear Stearns?) praises JE as well. Would be interesting to know who had AIG and BSC shorts during that financial crisis &amp; crash.
Welcome to the New Age 🏢🎉
Snowden warns the world, Why you should cover your laptop camera?
US Congresswoman Stacey Plaskett, who received financing from Epstein and had an office in the same building as the Epstein corporation that owns the title to his NYC mansion, had a video leaked by a former staffer in 2016 depicting her naked husband wearing makeup with their daughter present
Ancient Lost City Of Neapolis Found Underwater
The internet post-2018
Seen many pictures here of Trump and Jeff - but not with Obama.
Really makes you think? 🤔😔
Ilhan Omar introduces resolution upholding right to boycott
This is NOT acceptable. FFS what is wrong with the world
Neil Armstrong NEILA ALIEN think about it
KNIGHTS OF TEMPLAR?
Geraldo Rivera live at Disney World.
Heraldo Rivera reporting live from Disney World.
United States Controlled by the Catholic Church, and the Knights Templar
Pistis Sophia and The Kybalion
Strange Light in Ohio woods
Expert testifies Google swayed 2.6 to 10.4 million voters to Hillary in 2016.
CNN’s Amazing Dishonesty in Smearing Assange
This is an ad
What would you do to get Kevin Spacey to talk?
Buzz Aldrin answer to a question about moon landing skeptic at the 50th anniversary of the apollo mission.
Released photos show Barak, four women entering Epstein house - report - Israel News
The State of the Internet.
Hmmm...
Buzz Aldrin at the 50th anniversary of the appolo mission was asked about moon landing septic.
In the Pursuit of Unifying all Scientific Knowledge and Spiritual Wisdom
Is anyone else surprised at the amount of anti-Netflix comments on subs like r/television and r/movies? Considering how well-liked Netflix is, I've been wondering if maybe it's astrotufting by other streaming platforms
Testing 1..2..3
The old meme/picture is a distraction made by the government in order to overshadow the area 51 raid
The supposed atrocities King Leopold's regime afflicted upon the Congo are either extremely exaggerated or even completely made up and false.
Looks like Barrett Brown has been twitter-suspended yet again!
Illuminati; What I know based on experience w/ them
Possible think tank experiment?
I'm sure the government has their best interests in mind...
They’re treating the Area 51 thing like a big viewing party. I’m telling you, this is all part of project blue beam. Have everyone’s attention on tv from around the world then do all of the hologram alien nonsense.
Caller: Women don't belong in charge
We need to do some more digging.. Epstein, Trump, Wexner, and deeper connections.
Mercury -Hg
Isle of Misfit Toys
Conspiracy or Gossip
Alan Dershowitz Introduced to Epstein by Lynn Forester de Rothschild.
Mercury (Hg - 80e)
Lil st Jamesisland? He bought Great Saint James Island in 2016!
So we know For a FACT Epstein and others? had been raping under-age girls on that private island he owned, But
Jake Tapper Appears to Have Taken a Break From Truth-Telling
How Google's algorithm suggests certain videos to the mentally ill
Read this primer on Intervention Theory by Lloyd Pye to learn the overwhelming evidence that Earth has been terraformed.
Jeff Epstein voice?
Natural Cure to Depression (Link in comments)
The assassination of Omar Ilhan will spark a civil war
Irrefutable Proof That Jim Hopper Is Alive
Decoding the Streets: Fake Graffitis
title hard
Jeffrey Epstein's Pedo island. Temple courtyard statues relocated to new building. The windows appear to be domed 1-way mirrors, and there is a painting on the wall to the right that depicts 2 lions chasing an antelope with a couple words, one of which looks like 'prey'. These sickos love symbolism.
A51 March: Dolan called it a decade ago
Concerns over FaceApp (article)
Sex assault charges dropped against Kevin Spacey
Just a question about Area 51 raid
US Attorney: Epstein Lied About Austrian Passport Under Different Name According To New Court Filing. Passport has Custom stamps from four countries indicating it was previously used for travel.
These are the two statues originally near Jeffery Epstein's temple, which have since been moved. I believe I have identified them as Ichthyocentaurs, perhaps Bythos and Aphros. Any links?
What are examples of distractions?
A51 March: Dolan called it a decade ago
Epsteins Brother: I'm not his partner
"We tell ourselves conspiracy theories in order to live" - I don't "tell" myself shit bitch. I live to expose conspiracies.
This is the painted on front door of Jeffery Epstein's 'temple' on Pedo Island. Notice how the door has the locking mechanism on the outside, symbolizing that this structure is a prison meant to hold people inside. Also note the initials JE to the left of the door
Collateral Damage - Julian Assange - Let Me Out - WikiLeaks - Paper Planes
Forbes: 'CBS Evening News' Ratings Slip On Norah O'Donnell's Debut As Anchor. CBS pledged to stop the propaganda and return to objective journalism and the MSM hitpieces start on Day One.
Anneke Lucas: I Was a Sex Slave to Europe's Elite at Age 6 (SEQUEL-PART 1) (Human Trafficking)
Q confirmed by Trump at rally
World Ward III trigger *plausible opinion*
If it was vile, why did NBC sent their cameraman and people to record the vile thing and never released it, even during the #MeToo movement? -- It was a video recording of a promo for NFL, thats why. There will be more NBC videos leaks as we near election date because its politicks
#1 reason we need disclosure.
Moonhoax.com Apollo 11 documentary- 16 original interviews with Apollo 11 participants
BestInvestment | The best place for get money
If it was vile, why did NBC sent their cameraman and people to record the vile thing and never released it, even during the #MeToo movement? -- It was a video recording of a promo for NFL, thats why. There will be more NBC videos leaks as we near election date.
CENSORSHIP of Oregon M5.4 Earthquake report - Internet shut down while live streaming, with no reported outages in the area. (Dutchsinse)
For all of the people going hmmm about trump taking down Mossad/pedo-blackmail via Q// Or those that think Q is a larp, The Potus just pointed out a baby in the crowd at the rally tonight, that had a big "Q" written on the back. She even shows him the back.
Sold at my local Sportsman’s Wearhouse. Tell me if a kid pointed this shit at you, you would know it was a BB Gun?
What if Epstein is just a pawn.
Trump / CNN
What if celebrities “fake” their deaths to retire from the public eyes?
Why Jeffery Epstein Traveled to Saudi Arabia With a False Identity
The Book of Life
FaceApp is a huge scam.
What if the raid to Area 51 starts the apocalypse?
I was bullied and need all the signatures I need for support. Plz share all over the social media!!!!!
Bird statue on Epstein's island temple very similar to creepy Mar-a-Lago statue shown in photoshoot of Trump with a pubescent Ivanka
(x) ((alien?)) species &gt;&gt;&gt; Homo sapiens
Okay hear me out. The US government paid FaceApp to advertise so the Area 51 run won’t happen.
If someone promised to read any "conspiracy" book you chose cover-to-cover, what would you give them?
Bill Clinton pardoned Marc Rich on his last day in office after a call from Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak(who can be seen in pics visiting Epstein in NYC). Rich, Edmond Safra, Adnan Khashoggi, Bill Browder, Robert Maxwell, NXIVM Bronfman’s all run in the same circles. JFK to 9/11.
New!! Watch Candace Owens Goes 'Nuclear' ON Ocasio-Cortez for This Reason..
Are newer movies bad on purpose?
Area 51 meme more powerful than you think?
Media coverage if Epstein victims.
Random bold numbers burned into phone screen
Bush and 9/11
Matt Drudge's 'Future' Is Now Realized, And That Has Legacy Media Enraged.
Watch out for Google “Discover” or suffer the consequences.
Confronting Epstein Misinformation Recently.
THE ARRIVAL OF THE DRAGON | NIBIRU/PLANET X
Area 51: What's really going on at the secret US base, and why people think it's aliens
I guess that Christmas video worked...
Area 51 raid is doomed
The Last Bastion Begins To Fall
https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/cebo1d/ufrying_dutchman_explains_why_prosecution_of/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x
New!! Watch Former ICE Director Brilliantly Makes Ocasio-Cortez 'LOOK DUMB' In congress
Not too long ago, a lot of people were sharing 2 of their photos, side by side, on Facebook. One side being younger, and the other being more recent. Shortly after that fad, we have software, like FaceApp, that can increase the age of a person.
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/ce59uh/prosecution_of_childsex_traffickers_plummeted/etywcdk/
MH370 had mysterious 200 pound load added to manifest post-take off
BOMBSHELL: OCASIO-CORTEZ in Serious DANGER foR lyiNG to AMERICA
Democrats push warning about FaceApp
The Endgame Plan, Entertainment has basically given us the two ways they plan to end the world.
George Knapp Area 51
The biggest social media story of last week was a black activist found murdered. The most invisible social media story this week is they caught her killer. They want you to remember the fantasy, not the reality.
BEAST MODE!! Furious Ted Cruz COMPLETELY DISMANTLES Ilhan Omar on Live TV, See What happened
Former BBC reporter Anna Brees has jumped ship and now declares that the BBC was embedded with terrorist groups and faked footage of chemical weapons attacks in Syria
House passes amendment ordering Pentagon to review whether U.S. experimented with weaponizing ticks
Mike Pence
I find it interesting that this is what's viral after it was released that she was involved with the Lolita express...
New series being launched by a team of friends. Please, please, please show your support by subbing and liking. We need to encourage people like this! Lots of love. &lt;3
Hong Kong Extradition Law protests
Good meme
🌶
Man having a girlfriend fells like a conspiracy to me that I wanna believe
"the accuser won't testify" hmm..... this sounds a lot like something up Epstein's alley...
As the Epstein Case Grows, Manhattan and DC Brace for Impact
The moonie cult Broke into my Dad’s Place &amp; Stole His Hidden Documents (perhaps on the moon missions discovering craters of uranium). This is the reddit for this.
What do you think Eddie Bravo is refrencing here?
Space Conspiracy
Is Michelle Obama a dude
FaceApp and the Deepfake Problem
Kevin Spacey: prosecutors drop case accusing actor of groping teen - was his bizarre video a blackmails ?
Pt. 1 - NEW CLUES - The Zodiac Killer - 'Any which way exit out ' 'Park Ranger'
Does anyone actually know what Epstein did to go down, or why he’s being punished *precisely when he is*?
Are Wilcock, Fulford and the others actually right about the cabal/alliance secret shadow war?....or just old school M.I.C.E.? Why now?
Elon Musk Neuralink Presentation
Deep web aliens 👽
Payoffs, glory-seeking Feds, and hiding in plain sight — here's what 5 experts told us about the $1 billion cocaine bust on a ship owned by JPMorgan | Markets Insider
Kevin Spacey's sexual assault charges were dropped
Zoey interviews Buzz Aldrin- "Why has nobody been to the moon in such a long time?" Buzz: "Cause we didn't go there...and that's the way it happened"
Is anyone surprised?
DNC warns 2020 campaigns not to use FaceApp 'developed by Russians'
That filter which makes you look old in my opinion is a way for Facial recondition to understand people and who everyone is. Very much like the 10 year challenge.
Distraction
[Real Stories] Dr. Brzynski &amp; the Cancer Cure Cover-up
Kevin Spacey's charges were dropped, did his threatening video to the elite work?
‘Artificial Snow’ could save stricken Antarctic ice sheet! My thoughts in comments.
Use of age-altering FaceApp grants Russian company ‘perpetual, irrevocable' rights to your content
Discussion: Can anyone here enlighten me on Jeffery Epstein and the Elites ties to Satanism and Satanic Rituals?
So do we feel justified?
Kevin Spacey: charges dropped
Politicians can't have real opinions or they will not be elected.
Interviews with The Crystal Skulls - Part Four: Earth
Why is no one talking about the fact that Mick Jagger is in Epstein's little black book?
Liberal Professor Warns: Google Manipulating Voters 'on a Massive Scale' (20190717) [6:23]
Everybody's suddenly posting pictures of what they'll look like when they're old ("The app’s privacy policy said it collects the pictures you upload to its service, so keep in mind that it’s keeping the selfies you take.")
Is Elon trying to tell us that the matrix conspiracy theory may be true?
The original Patterson Bigfoot video from 1967
Area 51 | Storming Area 51 | Latest News
Why they release the Trump Epstein tape now?
Long time lurker on here, and reddit in general. How long before a deep fake frazzle drip video is released?
CNN should stick to news instead of Conspiracy Theories
Israeli Collusion: Will Trump Be Trapped in Epstein Teen Sex Scandal?
I remember when I was called a crazy person for saying all of this technology is leading to microchips in humans.
Brainwashing
The Medical Industry Hides Natural Cures to Mental Illness
Look at all the Goys happy to consume vaccines...
Area 51 ST conspiracy
Lyme Disease was first documented in 1975 after an outbreak in Lyme Connecticut, a town 5 miles away from a government animal bio-weapons research facility. Yesterday Congress just voted to open up an investigation into if the military was weaponizing ticks as a biological weapon in 1975.
Price of Crude Oil can Predict Iranian Actions in the Gulf
Anyone know if the post about Q being a program is still on here? I thought I saved it but I guess not.👎🏾
Epstein paid PBSO $128,000 during incarceration
If you want to know what's in Area 51 without getting shot by the US military...
From 2003: "Jeffery Epstein is also well acquainted with Harvard University President Lawrence H. Summers. The two serve together on the Trilateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Relations, two elite international relations organizations.
demons, reptilians, and mindblowing secrets
A chain of prophecies - origin
Was this just a drill?
Humans only way to survive AI? Merge or get left behind? This is insane and conspiratorial on so many levels...Watch Elon Musk’s Neuralink presentation 7/16/2019
Face App is a tool used by deep state to identify you in the future.
Gang Stalking Explained (Targeted in America) Part.1 of 3
moveon.orgs sexist pro rape history
No Mods. Never forget
Protests in Puerto Rico
It's starting to look like Jeffrey Epstein is basically littlefinger Lord Petyr Baelish...
CIA sharing some strange shit from abotabad compound
Journalist tried to expose Epstein in 2003. Editor killed the story to protect the guilty.
This is what got me banned from r/conservative. Saudi apologia in action.
[Meta] Q Anon is one of the most heavily shilled topics on r/conspiracy
Why is the CIA sharing and Illuminati book from the abotabad compound
Why is the CIA sharing an Illuminati book from the abotabad compound?
Sheriff's probe finds Obama birth certificate 'fake'
Twitter introduces new feature in Canada 3 months before an election that allows users to hide replies. The current PM and government had been lobbying them for more censorship and stricter rules before this.
Over 2,000 files in Jeff Epstein case to be released within a few days. Courts latest order here:
Over 2,000 files in Jeff Epstein case to be released within a few days. Courts latest order here: https://t.co/SZj73BCe3l
Protests in Puerto Rico, cnn link about cruise ships skipping PR
These distractions creep me tf out
Oil Prices Plunge After Trump Sends Rand Paul To Ease Tensions With Iran
Pentagon Ordered to Tell Congress If It Weaponized Ticks And Released Them Into the Public. Because of course theyd admit it.
Elon Musk believes we live in a simulation... what if we aren't a computer simulation but a real world simulation?
Young man goes missing without a trace from a small ski village in Canada. This is a documentary made on the mysterious disappearance!
EBOLA VIRUS UPDATE EMERGENCY TODAY!
Vanity Fair is prepping us for some big names to drop. "Contagion" is a word they used to describe the situation in the article.
I think Nintendo is running a Cartel
Epstein was at the Whitehouse in 2011
"She's hot!": 1992 Mar-a-Lago footage shows Trump joking, laughing with Jeffrey Epstein
New!! Ilhan Omar and 'The Squad' Decline to Condemn al-Qaeda and Antifa Terrorism in Live tv
So... Antifa shows up with an AR15 and bombs - Left wing media is silent. PizzaGate "investigator" allegedly showed up at the Comet Pizza, and not only it was all over the News for days, but Reddit used it as an excuse to ban discussions about it. Hmmm.
How do you protect yourself from electromagnetic radiation and EMF?
76 Billion Opioid Pills: Bombshell Report Unmasks Who Is Responsible For Epidemic
Where has RT gone?
In-Shadow: A Modern Odyssey
Area 51 uncovered!
Two interesting stories UK mainstream media reported on instead of Epstein. [LONG]
USA vs US - website that shows the difference between the real USA and corporate US
British Medical Journal - Flu shots during first trimester of pregnancy increase autism risk, 4 additional autism cases for every 1000 women vaccinated
Jeffrey Epstein's personal pilot deletes Instagram after Kellyanne Conway pic surfaces
FaceApp
Just to have fun with a conspiracy theory ... it was such a big secret and conspiracy they had to film it on location. ;-)
Seducing Spirits Used against Targeted Individuals (Gang Stalking Explained)
Do you all think the government will stage an alien attack?
Prosecution of Child-sex traffickers has plummetted under the Trump Presidency
Ilhan Omar seizes spotlight to push pro-BDS resolution
New footage from 1992 shows Trump partying with Jeffrey Epstein and slapping woman's butt
Ilhan Omar is the daughter of communist loyalists to the Siad Barre regime that terrorized Somalia for decades before being deposed in the early 1990s
Looking for a video on YouTube....
Face filter apps should be avoided
Liberal Professor Warns: Google Manipulating Voters 'on a Massive Scale'
Comment was immediately removed
H.R.1 For the People Act of 2019 Some crazy stuff in this bill 16 year olds registering to vote?
Hormonal birth control is a mind control drug
Anyone have any info on how the judge overseeing the Epstein case died?
What if we created communism to support the argument on how good capitalism is, because communism failed and all. I mean the first letter in Soviet and Union when reversed are the same letters in the U.S.
Faceapp challenge
Liberal Professor Warns: Google Manipulating Voters 'on a Massive Scale'
Trump and Jeffrey Epstein seem to discuss 'hot' women in newly discovered video
Would be curious to know the ages of the girls in this footage...
While there is a decent amount of videos about the analysis of symbolism in pop music/culture, talking about it in normal settings will make you seem like a nutjob
Sen. Cruz grills Google on allegations of politically biased censorship
Is the Dominican Republic planning a genocide? Is it a coincidence that immediately following the deaths of several tourists (maybe to deter people from traveling there) the government strips citizenship from people who have lived there for the last 86 years, which happened before the last genocide
AM Radio
The detention centers on the border and the epstien connection.
This guy is gonna live stream Area 51 raid
Epsteins Island (again) Two Small Statues. Is one of them Saturn?
Large scale active shooter training - false flag coming soon?
How to resist Divide and Conquer tactics
Alien Encounters - The 1995 Disney Documentary About Aliens - Is This Part Of Disclosure Program?
J. Epstein &amp; B. Clinton
Was the Moon Landing a HOAX?!
Where/How can I find flight logs to Epstein's Island?
FaceApp a harmless silly game?
DHS inspector general paid $42,000 to sit home says investigation never started
The nyc tap water quality is less pure than aquafina
The nyc tap water quality is less pure than aquafina
Why did HIV infect humans just recently in our history?
Google Exec has stated that "soon" Alex Jones and Infowars will be completely removed from search results. OPENLY ADMITTING CENSORSHIP AND SOCIAL ENGINEERING
Can some please repost the list of Celebs who rode on Jeffrey Epstein’s plane ?
Late musician XXXTentacion wasn’t killed by Drake, and his murder wasn’t just a “robbery gone wrong.”
🤔
Teresa Halbach Video Diary
Update: Lyme Disease [Pentagon Ordered to Tell Congress If It Weaponized Ticks]
CAN SOMONE PLEASE REPOST THE LOST OF CELEBS WHO RODE ON LOLITA EXPRESS PLEASE
Jeffrey Epstein's personal pilot photographed with Kellyanne Conway in 2016.
DOCTORS are the real reason behind the opioid/mental health crisis
Mods remove harmless opinion thread with NO explanation only after being popular.
Chico Xavier a brazilian spiritual guide predicted that something would happen on July 20, 2019 in 1986
Advanced Civilization &amp; Technology 'injected' into less advanced civs at critical times? (podcast)
Check out our podcast!
LSD, John Lennon and Ronald Reagan: Why The World Sucks and 18 Things You Can Do To Help Fix it
Henry Kissinger and Eric Schmidt write oped on AI
FaceApp
Homeless guy with a generator in Austin,TX
do you think that the animated versions of ourselves on iphone (bitmoji, memoji) is pioneering to VR life acceptance?
FaceApp - facial swap or facial recognition data farming
With Eric Garners Murderer getting away with it, does this prove Trump has Directly appointed judges, that will side with his Racist Ideologies?
Epstein case is mossad operation
There are 7 Root Races of Humanity
Politics of Nodes | The Libertarian Ideal
Heads up! The Epstein/Trump thread on the front page is filled with the same douche bags whom were pushing Trump/Russia Collusion
Jeffrey Epstein Visited Obama In The White House After He Was Convicted As A Sex Offender
The Music Industry Exposed (FarhanK501)
'The Official White House Photos of Dick Cheney on 9/11, Analysis: Two Damning Scenarios'--a major new article at the Journal of 9/11 Studies website
Face App is collecting photos for use during Storm Area 51 and future big brother needs.
CNN platforms white nationalist Richard Spencer, and becomes alt right.
Three formally charged in Malta for murder of Daphne Caruana Galizia. She exposed massive corruption by Malta's political class, and these same politicians in are trying to protect the killers.
Rule 2 PSA: All "meta" content is *restricted* to replies to the stickied automod comment at the top of every *regular* thread on /r/conspiracy (not flaired as "meta"). This is where you can discuss /r/conspiracy users, the mods and the sub in general. Meta content posted elsewhere will be removed.
House orders Pentagon to say if it weaponized ticks and released them. Roll Call. John M. Donnelly @johnmdonnelly
Homo Deus
What are some movies that make you think of Epstein, satanic sex cults and the like?
Storm Area 51 is just a conspiracy event set-up by the US government to give the NSA permission to monitor you for threatening to participate in a terrorist attack.
Is Elon Musk the Antichrist?
Was the 60’s youth culture influenced by intelligence services?
"Climate Change" is Bullshit, the Green Agenda
You know how it feels like the world is going crazy and nothing makes sense? That’s what propaganda feels like.
Fracking wastewater may trigger earthquakes for 'decades'
House orders Pentagon to reveal whether it turned ticks into biological weapons
Who is the really tall guy that came with Epstein to Trump's party in the new NBC video?
The answer to why Turkey chose the S-400 and doesn’t care about the F-35.
[Wanted] Answers : Is Smoking Bad?
Donald Trump coked out his face grabbing some girl at 1992 party with pedo Jeff Epstein
[WANTED] ANSWERS : Is Smoking Bad?
Carless future agenda - You won't own a car
The current state of Crypto Ad networks – Interview with Mr. Yaroslav Belkin CEO at Belkin Marketing
New Zealand Skeletons in the Cupboard - The Redheads
Cigarettes. Why do companies go to the trouble of printing graphic images, stating - these will kill you on the packs, if nothing changes. People are clearly going to buy them still. It just seems to be one of many cases where you should either ban them, or shuttup about it?
Tape shows Donald Trump and Jeffrey Epstein discussing women at 1992 party
Cigarettes. Why go to the trouble of putting graphic images on the packs, stating " smoking these can result in death" etc. If nothing changes. People are always going to buy these. This is just one of many cases where surely you should either ban it, or shuttup about it.
BOMBSHELL: Spain's Secret Service Had The Phones Tapped Of Terrorists Behind The Barcelona Attack.
Was the "Babushka Lady" seen in photographs of the JFK assassination Madame Nhu in disguise?
The Painkiller Acetaminophen does nothing
Tracy Twyman exposed pedogate before she died. Look into her last video of pedogate she exposed it it
This was aired before the eclipse. Cosmic apotheosis...
Alexandria ocasio Cortez risk 5 years in prison for obstruction of I.C.E raid on illegal immigrant..see what happened
The UNICEF Satanic Ball - UNICEF reveal their true colors as they hold a Satanic Ball (pics inside) - They are no longer trying to hide the reality of their devil worship, they are confident that they cannot be stopped.
Robert Mueller testifies today!
Independent report on Epstein case shows under-reported connections to NXIVM, James Alefantis, Israeli intelligence, and even Adnan Khashoggi
TIL some people are killing themselves after Lasik eye surgery. I'd rather deal with contacts or glasses. Be careful.
This week is the anniversary of the Apollo 11 space flight to the moon. Or did Stanley Kubrick actually stage the footage, while giving hints of the truth in his movies?
Mastercard Launches Early Pay For Gig Workers
29N947WCB64781
Idle thought this but... Do you think the whole 'Storm Area 51' thing could lead to the end of Facebook?
Elon musk announced a fucking AI-to-Brain interface and said a monkey was able to control a computer with it, and that they're starting human trials in 2020. Why the fuck is this sub silent about it?
Mark Zuckerberg penalty/fine for selling user data etc is all for show. Just a thought
Area 51
Kim Kardashian linked to Rothschild’s - Care to dig deeper?
I caught this on the older version of the Facebook news trending list 2 years ago. Glad I saved it.
Thoughts on Social Media Trends
The Area 51 one thing is a stunt from private prisons.
Saturn and Chainlink
ONGOING CONFIRMED STORY. /b/ using kik to trade "CP", bulk Dropbox and Megas shared.
House orders Pentagon to review if it exposed Americans to weaponised ticks
Area 51
I know everyone's timeline is full of "old people" from your friends, parents, brothers, sisters, and children doing it. Faceapp by Wireless Labs, the new app to sell your face to the Russians and Chinese. Smh.
I’ve connected pizzagate to 9/11. You can follow me @kimdrops1
Why is the A51 storming day scheduled for 9/20 (Global Magic Mushroom Day)?
Max Spiers Talks NSPCC [video]
Our Plan To Win V3
Has Epstein already gone the way of The Panama Papers?
Face App
Why the flag on the moon flapped in the air.
invincible
The military isn't just an industry - the government uses it is a runway for the economy
Bill Clinton And Area 51
Something really creepy and or malicious is happening on Xbox
Important reminder RE: Lolita Express
What do you guys think of this?
question
Area 51 Uncovered! LATEST News UPDATES and It's All You Thought It was scaryyyyy
Quick theory: the government has a bunch of memes they tested on a simulation that they're sure will become popular, and whenever something big gets revealed and they want to keep it down, they release one of the Memes to storm the internet.
Shows you how shady Disney actually is. Story has similarities to Epstein situation.
Epstein,Robert Maxwell,Emad khashoggi,adan khashoggi thread
New World Order Propaganda for Children - The Esoteric Symbolism of The Lion King Exposed
Are being misled by public scientists?
Pinterest
Looking for a documentary on the banking system I saw awhile back
My favorite movie the DOD put out this year.
9/11 as Psychological Warfare
TIL: The Sayanim are tens of thousands of Jewish people spread across the world who have all agreed to help the Israeli secret service
My favorite my the DOD put out this year
According to a recent New Hampshire poll, we have two new Democratic™ front-runners: Corey Booker &amp; Tulsi Gabbard!!!
Live Now - Elon Musk presentation on Neuralink
Jeffrey Epstein’s mysterious passport is Austrian, was needed for 'personal protection,' attorneys say
The Saturn Time Cube (MEGATHREAD)
?
Just a thought: deepfakes exist not to make altered evidence believable, but to make existing evidence valueless
It's back on r/videos! Don't let this die, we need to hold these corrupt officers accountable. Go upvote to help get it to the top.
My theory on ‘meaning of life’
Almost
Never Before Seen - 200 Undiscovered Sunken Sites In Under 2 Minutes
Facebook picture “trends” are training AI and they’re getting better everyday
Are the Trump tweets an Epstein distraction? Why won't they name the country of origin for the fake passport?
Was just on the donald and tried to cross post this video I found. It didnt even show up in my recently viewed even though I was just on it.
Sleep is an Addiction
Donald Trump is a genius
Managed to catch a bot or person managing multiple Pro-Trump accounts (the conspiracy: spreading disinformation, propaganda, &amp; spinning peoples words to discourage dissent)
Underwater Terrace, Tower and Cave by Greenland and Svalbard
Why has there been so little coverage of the 24th anniversary of the Srebrenica genocide?
You are locked in time.
Spanish security firm hired by Ecuadorian government finds Julian Assange had extensive meetings with Russians and obtained hardware to transfer "massive encrypted files from Russian operatives"
An important problem for the US Government
With all the makeup and editing within the media people are learning to...
New Discovery On The Moon - 400 Meter Building or a Peridoilia?
Solar Radiation Management
NEW DISCOVERY ON THE MOON-400 METER BUILDING OR PERIDOILA?
Aging App Scaries
New Ancient Antarctic Discovery In the Sor Rondanes Is Found and Named
What if trump is developing nukes to take over the world with Putin and Kim and blah blah
This “age challenge” using FaceApp is just a way for governments to collect our facial data for machine learning and facial recognition purposes.
I think this proves storming area 51 was orchestrated.
There's no bias at Google, there's no censorship
Having trouble remembering theory (a socialite with charity pretext)
Watch out for clowns like this
Possible evidence of Trump engaging in sexual acts with a minor REMINDER; this form of scandal is not limited to any one party
Possible of Trump engaging in sexual acts with a minor
Another victim of the Smiley Face killers?
Remember when we called this years ago and everyone was called crazy?
“Our message is absolutely don’t send your children unaccompanied...that is our direct message to the families in Central America. Do not send your children to the borders. If they do make it, they’ll get sent back...” - Barack Obama(black nationalist racist against Hispanic ppl)
Trump's Go Back to Where you Came From Tweet is a way to distract people from Epstein
The "Russian Collusion Delusion" is about to be blown wide open
In a rare bucking of trends, an NZ university study has lead to calls to ban trans athletes from competing with women
Russel George’s “Planktos” experiment —seeding the ocean with iron filings in order to jumpstart the food chain and “reforest the sea”— was curtailed and buried by... (?)... in order to... (?)
Theory on the Big Bang (not the tv show)
In Exodus 4, God sounds much more like a controller of a simulation than on overseeing being.
"STAGED | Jeffrey Epstein arrested for sex trafficking July 6 &amp; his July 8 court date" by Zachary Hubbard
Ok, if this “weaponized” tick bullshit I don’t know what is.
Mobile providers are themselves behind the increase of scam calls. They did this to sell us a service block these calls.
Bread and circuses
Ticks to Deter Peasant Strong Holds... Probably reaching, but the first thought that came to my mind was - that concept is a decent way to deter “Robin Hood” style hold outs...
Are there really aliens at Area 51? What does Fort Wright Air Force abase have to do with it?
Twitter's Blatant Bias: Richard Spencer Interview on CNN Trends—Twitter/HuffPo Push 6 Month Old Slam Piece
Omnitopia: The Global Collective
Prosecution of Child-Sex Traffickers Plummeted Under Trump
Real footage of Area 51?
What happened to the occupy movement?
Youtube Recommendation/mind read
Area 51 government planned?
Another Epstein Mar a Lago connection!
Russian sub vs US aircraft carrier?
Capital and the Debt Trap reports that … "cooperative banks build up counter-cyclical buffers that function well in case of a crisis," and are less likely to lead members and clients towards a debt trap (p. 216).
Why does The Mist and Stranger Things 3 both involve the military opening a portal to hell? Is this their way of politely asking for help?
who's raiding area 51
Epstein victims' missing press conference?
To Qanon people: Share your perspective. How do you interpret this? Just curious
Epstein's Little St. James Island - 100+ Still Photos (courtesy of Rusty Shackleton on YouTube, some duplicates)
Epstein related: Missing Press Conference?
ON THE RECORD: Ex-CNN commentator at progressive summit: Major news outlets are ‘Zionist orgs’
Fake moonlanding theorists, notice anything weird?
I was reading about Epstein and then it lead me to 9/11.......
Natural Healing: Medical Industry Wants this Censored
Found on Jeffery Epstein's Orgy Island. Do these symbols have any meaning?
Let’s play count the conspiracy “theories” ... I got 4. Go!
Area 51 Megathread!!
Just some perspective on what the functional, legal, definition of "verifiable proof" is. E.g. You don't need to provide any evidence for your statement to be "indisputably proven". Enjoy your facts.
Midnight Musings of a Man Lightly Sparkled
I gender swapped Donald Moutheyes and she kinda looks like Hillary Moutheyes.
Digg
Anyone else feel like Area 51 is a red herring?
GQ is now covering Trump-Epstein... Weird idea but I hope y'all can help.
Midnight Musings of a Man Lightly Sparkled
Did Moscow fake a suicide bombing? Why Israel can't trust Russia to counter terrorism - or Iran
NEW REDDIT
50 years on from the Apollo 11 Mission, this seems an incredibly important watch:
Is the lack of coverage/fanfare about the 50th anniversary of the moon landing odd?
Opinions please! BBC News: Carl Beech: VIP abuse accuser 'habitual liar', court hears
Documentary that I made that proves Seth Rich was the wikileaks source, was murdered, and that the FBI knows and covered it up.
Sneaky, sneaky.
CBS News President says the evening news will now be delivered 'without a point of view'. Without daily approved narratives and groupthink imagine CBS News banned like Jones by Big Tech.
Deleted Showerthought: "Most people earn less than $36 and hour, there are 3,600 seconds per hour, so picking up a penny is the most profitable moment of your day, but feels like the poorest"
Caitlin Johnstone: New CNN Assange Smear Piece Is Amazingly Dishonest, Even For CNN
About Saturn V (Apollo misions' rocket)
The world is corrupt, may God help us all.
Working like a charm
May 19th 1953 - "Dirty Harry" nuclear disaster
Server image mystery in Georgia election security case
Death by emails?
Here a music/video to free the mind, to relax and perhaps to dream or imagine a better world ( 9:30 minutes of music)
Is it worth going to area 51?
Is the “new” Area 51 in Dugway UT??? Phil Schneider referenced this in his last talk
When Does America Reckon with the Gravity of Donald Trump's Alleged Rapes?
Could this possibly be a newly-built underground base at Area 51? 38°02'00.3"N 115°26'32.0"W
War (Graphic Warning 18+) - YouTube
"Climate Change" is political Bullshit. To the surprise of no one, a Yale study confirms Democrats as champions of Climate Alarmism propaganda politics
IS IT WORTH GOING TO AREA 51? 2019
Mild McCann humour
Israel's former prime minister says he visited convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein’s private Caribbean island, but never partied with him or met younger girls
Democracy is two; Representative and Direct. The difference is Heaven or Hell;
Biden Forgets When He Was Vice-President
Glad to see /r/Conservative no longer hiding they are the new TD. Hypocrisy and all.
Some missile kind of thing in the sky.
The Psychology of Area 51 Memes
Q's Identity
Mark Passio goes hotter than most.
Cesar Sayoc: The MAGA Bomber. A Refresh.
French Press in 1964: Photos of Lee Harvey Oswald holding a rifle were faked.
“New” Area 51 in Dugway UT??
Documentary on The First Aliens on Earth
A billion insects getting away from MI. Why?
The government will declassify UFO and alien information the day that Epstein ties are revealed.
My Dad Told My First Love a Secret that Made Him Break Up with me Immediately. In the Context of the Large Secret and Situations Around My Family this was Very Personal and Troubling for Me. (This is the proper reddit for this, I appreciate you guys getting to know my situation).
Julian Assange - Let Me Out - WikiLeaks - Paper Planes - #CollateralDamage #FreeJulianAssange
Babalon the Great was misspelled by the revelation writer
I Created this Video as it Speaks to the Larger Mystery Surrounding My Family. I Am Personal in it, yet this is the Most Appropriate reddit for it. Just Play it When You Want Something to Play in the Background. I Appreciate You Getting to Know Me and My Situation.
The US Government Sold Us On The Suburbs
So I stumbled across a YouTuber by the name of Jeff p he explained how the US has a patent for an artificial sun simulator, ladies and gentlemen I would like to provide you proof to back up what he says
"Who's Your Daddy" is liberal propaganda created by Obama to sell more Obamacare
What is your theory on Seth Rich? Conspiracy or just incredibly bad timing?
This Is My Conspiracy Soundtrack - Diabetic Jesus
FirePizza building explosion in Florida recently, has there been any official statement on the cause yet?
Area 51 Is Relocating Their Secrets Do To Storm Area 51 Event *Proof &amp; Interview* https://youtu.be/CvRpOkJz6ng
STORMING AREA 51 | LAURA LOOMER LAWSUIT | JON X/RFB | NYC BLACKOUT | EPS...
Well here we go....
Why Couples Argue and How to End Constant Argument in a Relationship ~ Lovers Bud
Jimmy Dore Show: Pelosi Sides With Trump-Attacks AOC &amp;amp; Screws Immigrants
Why did this woman disappear off tv?? I was told President Trump was a Raper
absolute proof of facebook manipulation. 𝐌𝐚𝐲𝐛𝐞 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐬 𝐧𝐞𝐞𝐝𝐬 𝐭𝐨 𝐢𝐧𝐯𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐠𝐚𝐭𝐞 𝐅𝐚𝐜𝐞𝐛𝐨𝐨𝐤'𝐬 𝐚𝐥𝐠𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐡𝐦 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐫𝐨𝐥𝐬 𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐜𝐡 𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐬𝐡𝐚𝐫𝐞
House passes amendment ordering the pentagon to investigate whether the U.S. experimented with weaponizing ticks
(Coming against False Doctrine) Essene Gospel being taught in the Church
Does anyone remember the threads on Twitter and posts on Facebook about Malaysia flight MH370?
And we will change it monthly until you are skint
Shithole country
Is profit taking a backseat to political "wokeness" for businesses?
Google uses people to listen to okay Google commands, some leaked
Critical Drinker Comically Nails Down Hollywood's Ridiculous James Bond Divide and Conquer Political Correctness Virtual Signaling With New Black Female 007
Reading your mind/youtube recommendatio
What UFOs are and the history of the cover up according to Tome Delonge and his advisors
Former Israeli Prime Minister, "friend of Jeff" and now pedophile suspect, Ehud Barak, caught up in the Epstein scandal. But wait, Barak is Bibi Netanyahu's adversary in the Israeli elections, and this will help the toxic incumbent to get re-elected. Has Epstein been thrown to wolves to help Bibi?
Amazon offering $10 for your data
News are pure poison.
[Meta] The conspiracy community needs to attack. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
CEO of reddit openly says they are willing to use the data of It's users. They know all of our interests and dark secrets.
The Pentagon admitted billions in US funds disappeared in Afghanistan to “Fraud, waste and abuse”. (aka black-ops projects and poppy cultivation).
Mexico announced who is funding the caravan
What if the Area 51 Invasion was set up by Area 51 staff so they could test their advanced Area 51 technology on them
Carl Jung on the Shadow Archetype.
Even if the Area 51 page started as a joke, the concept of “Wait, maybe they really *can’t* stop all of us if we united?” is dangerous to TPTB, and they’re now dealing with that being brought into the public discussion. The memes subtly mock and ridicule the idea. They’re removing other event pages.
Before the US invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, the Taliban had almost entirely shut down poppy production in Afghanistan. After a few years of US occupation, Afghanistan now produces 90% of the heroin in the world.
Anyone know about @covertdisclosure411 at twitter? And if he’s legit??
I'm a complete skeptic, but Bob Lazar's story's are starting to catch my attention for some reason....
Has anyone else noticed a lot of “influencers” using the FaceApp?
Apollo astronaut mentions CERN in an AMA. Comment is deleted.
A Case Could Be Made That Unregulated Capitalism Is Destroying the World
New York Blackout
CBS News President says evening news broadcast will be delivered 'without a point of view'. If not fake news...What will we do without the steady supply of politicized, opinionated news?
Iraqi MP: US embassy is headquarters of ISIS
If you want something to go away....
Ehud Barak Epstein Interview (New)
One of many proofs that Q is an actual insider
Netanyahu: 'Europe might ignore Iran threat until nuclear missiles hit.' Israel's propaganda campaign to have Iran destroyed goes full retard.
DuckDuckGo has an blatant Right-Wing bias, doesn’t even attempt to be politically balanced.
Man killed teen he met on Instagram, shared photos of her dead body on gaming platform, police say
Your daily dose of how fucked up the USA is
Mysterious Floating Holograms &amp; light projections reflected through Astronomical Binoculars — screencap is unaltered ... more pictures in thread
I’ve noticed that posting “aged” faces is a new trend on social media the past few days. Anyone else think something weird is going on here?
I have a solution for all the pedophilia.
Baphoment Metaphor for Magnetic Poles?
Question: Infrasound festival picture.
Just a question about google advertising.
Any videos of Alex Jones on Epstein?
In light of the hearing "Google and Censorship through Search Engines" today at 2:30, presided by Ted Cruz, here is one of many questionable examples of censorship
PewDiePie- We are storming Area 51
Rachel Chandler's Instagram
COAST TO COAST AM - June 25 2019 - Solar Effects
Eyes Wide Shut: Kubrick’s Murder
Julian Assange made embassy his HQ for 2016 election meddling
Former child actor Corey Feldman talks about pedophile grooming parties in Hollywood
Watch this entire steal column turn into dust before your very eyes.
Could all of these racist tweets and Area 51 bullshit be distractions to the Epstein case?
Why did Epstein give Prince Andrew's wife Sarah Ferguson hush money?!
Eyes Wide Shut: Kubrick’s Murder
‘We don’t know how well antidepressants work’: Danish study blows lid off flawed medical research
‘We don’t know how well antidepressants work’: Danish study blows lid off flawed medical research
The Bridgewater Triangle
Fergusson Murders may be linked.
Co incidence 100???
Racist go back home = not racist, but when Trump tells people to go back home = racism. The Trump Conspiracy.
Anyone else think that Area 51 is a decoy for we’re the “secrets” are but in reality there actually somewhere else in the country?
I wonder if any of those old Wal-Marts are being used as ICE detention centers.
StunnyG is back for more with the “Handle The Truth” (Official Video) [No speeches this time, only political rap!!] [9-11/USS Liberty] {Looking for feedback: Am I on the right track? Does this resonate? Any improvements to make? Also taking suggestions!}
Watching a speech from Steve Jobs about marketing from 1997 and he says this
Trump is Genius-Deflection God
Thought you guys might think this was interesting, someone put these on windshields in Clawson Michigan Disclaimer: I do not know either of these people and I don’t really know what to think of these claims
Twitter continues to protects trans individuals from criticism, even when they are being crude, abusive and offensive.
Celebrity cloning theory, thoughts?
I’m not a conspiracy theorist but I just can’t explain the Phoenix lights, what are the answers for this from both sides.
Turn all of civilization into slaves
r/videos mods remove a video showing cops planting drugs on innocent people. This is the second time they've removed a video showing a cop abusing power in the past few weeks.
Raiding Area 51
Germany collapsing.
Bitcoin And Crypto Suddenly Branded A 'National Security Issue'
France the only country still investigating MH370
Aside from a sexual interest in children Epstein and Savile shared a bizarre interest in decorative use of prosthetic eyeballs. Is this some sort of symbol for sexual blackmailers or procurers of children for elites?
This pastor knows what’s up
Russia is Encouraging Global Warming (12 min YT)
everything has a conspiracy theory
US military chiefs ordered to reveal if Pentagon used diseased insects as biological weapon
What if the idea of storming Area 51 was started as a hoax by the government?
"Man confesses to rape and murder of U.S. scientist Suzanne Eaton in Crete, police say". Is there a hidden motive for her murder?
What if Area 51 meme is testing network telemetry of what the lead up to a mass protest would look like?
Tupac Shakurs Death
Interesting road(?) cutout at Fort Chaffee, AR
Bank Run: Deutsche Bank Clients Are Pulling $1 Billion A Day
The intention behind trump's tweet was to unify the left.
Pentagon ordered to reveal whether it conducted experiments to 'weaponise' disease-carrying ticks and whether any such insects were released outside the lab
The intention behind trump's tweet was to reunify the democrats, he's being xontrolled.
Conspiracy theory - Area 51 Storming
Elon Musk neuralink psyop
Secrets of Natural Law Revealed - Mark Passio
High above all!!
Pentagon Ordered to Tell Congress If It Weaponized Ticks And Released Them Into the Public
Jeffrey Epstein defence lawyer questions accuser (Tim Dillon court transcripts)
UAE oil tanker "missing" in Strait of Hormuz after drifting into Iranian waters
Thread about Jeffrey Epstein's child procuror's Mossad agent father: "Their business was prostitution, drug running, traffic in humans." "Maxwell liked nothing better than to order his pilot, Richard Cowley, to fly directly over Murdoch's newspaper headquarters as he made his way to some meeting"
AREA 51 storming pointless
Phone Camera Performance Impact Story - Data Privacy
The marching orders are in
Massachusetts issues public health warning about toxic chemicals (PFAS) found in brands of bottled water
The Annual Secret Meeting of Jewish leaders and twenty-five Zionist Senate Democrats in the Congress of the United States of America. Is this a key part of a Conspiracy to subvert the power and the will of the Government of the USA to the aims and benefit of the Zionist State of Israel? You Decide.
Health insurers have overcharged Medicare by nearly $30 billion over the past three years alone
Many reporters in my newsroom surprised by Epstein case
Palantir User Manual Obtained Through Public Records Request
Ilhan Omar makes fun of Americans for being afraid of Al-Qaeda
Stop falling for psyops
If people KNEW about Epstein and his island capers, why would they go to the island? Nobody I know likes to be drugged and filmed with children.
Jeffrey Epstein briefly spotted at Gordon Ramsay's Hotel Hell?
Why is Hollywood replacing every red head with black people? Why is it always the red head?
absolute proof of facebook manipulation. 𝐌𝐚𝐲𝐛𝐞 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐬 𝐧𝐞𝐞𝐝𝐬 𝐭𝐨 𝐢𝐧𝐯𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐠𝐚𝐭𝐞 𝐅𝐚𝐜𝐞𝐛𝐨𝐨𝐤'𝐬 𝐚𝐥𝐠𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐡𝐦 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐫𝐨𝐥𝐬 𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐜𝐡 𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐬𝐡𝐚𝐫𝐞
Military Planes around DC went dark (transponders turned off) around the time of the DC blackout
Acosta Steps Down = Trump's Racist Twitter Rant = Political Misdirection back 1994 Trump allegedly raped a 13 girl at Jeffery Epstein's NYC Mansion she started a law suit in 2016 then dropped it the same year because of alleged death threats.
Nothing weird here, just Kelly Anne chilling with Epstein’s chief pilot in 2016 :)
Conjecture: Trump used Acosta to get the Epstein story out on the mainstream news outlets. Without the Acosta bait the story would have been buried.
The Truth About Muslim Brotherhood
Timing is EVERYTHING!
ABSOLUTE PROOF OF FACEBOOK MANIPULATION. 𝐌𝐚𝐲𝐛𝐞 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐬 𝐧𝐞𝐞𝐝𝐬 𝐭𝐨 𝐢𝐧𝐯𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐠𝐚𝐭𝐞 𝐅𝐚𝐜𝐞𝐛𝐨𝐨𝐤'𝐬 𝐚𝐥𝐠𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐡𝐦 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐫𝐨𝐥𝐬 𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐜𝐡 𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐬𝐡𝐚𝐫𝐞
More Bullshit. There Is No "Climate Emergency"
They can stop 1 million people storming Area 51?
Before believing a research study, you should find out who funded it.
Why is Hollywood replacing every red head with black people? Why is it always the red head?
Is takeover of r/conspiracy by members of quarantined sub the_Donald complete? It was odd that all these Seth Rich posts started cropping up over the past 24 hours. Turns out a report stating that Assange was knowingly helping Russian intelligence spread hacked internal DNC emails was the cause.
Speculation on Area 51.
Will the government use lethal force against unarmed civilians if they storm Area 51/Pedo Island?
The government/corperations are lying through their teeth about AI
So there was a spin-off event (one of several) that proposed storming the Federal Reserve. The page had 38k people confirmed, and was quickly growing. Facebook must have put the kibosh on the page because the event has been cancelled. They don’t want this mentality catching on.
Vaping Harms profits
Never forget
Leftist language - does it look familiar to you?
Earthquakes and Tectonic Weapons is there a war going on?
Too my fellow conspiracy theorists...
Wait, the Russian Adoption ban wasn’t in response it was the reason for sanctions!
Elon Musk’s brain-interface company is promising big news. Here’s what it could be. - Temporal Eternity
Clinton/DNC Supporters on Seth Rich. "......."
What's your favorite faux/sarcastic conspiracy subreddit or meme that plays with idea that reality isn't real?
The "teen vaping crises" is being pushed by tobacco companies to try to e cigarettes banned.
Area 51 “social event” is purposely dividing and destabilizing the conspiracy community
[meta] How to rule a people and make them think they're in charge: a manual for would-be parasites
How to rule a people and make them think they're in charge: a manual for would-be parasites
Lizard people
[Educational] A Pictorial Guide of 16 Types of Government
The Conspiracy of the USS Indianapolis
50 years ago man landed on the moon and only a dozen Americans have ever done so since. Just America is weird is it not?
If you don't support the invasion, you are racist.
Isaac Kappy's Official Dept Of Public Safety Incident Report - The Phoenix Enigma
Julian Assange's Court Documents Say That the FBI Does, in Fact, Know That it was Seth Rich That Leaked DNC Docs to WikiLeaks (Link in Comments)
The WORST Part of the Epstein Case - #PropagandaWatch
Soros Running Ads In Central America Telling Migrants They Will Get Free Stuff In The USA
In search of interesting information
The Emergence of a System Based on Truth.
Show it to everyone who still thinks CNN is an unbiased and free news source. Left: BBC article for comparison (not saying it's better, just to underline CNN's impudence).
Can you spot the owl at the U.S. Capital?
Isaac Kappy Official Dept Of Public Safety Incident Report
Who's who of the deep state.
The Punk Paradox
Why is Hollywood replacing every red head with black people? Why is it always the red head?
This is former President of Israel, Ehud Barak, visiting Epstein's mansion.
CryptoBeast #21 - Tracy Twyman, Kappy, Epstein and LARP Wars with Lift T...
Exactly 50 years ago today. The day off Apollo 11 launch, a United States law was passed called the "Extra-Terrestrial Exposure Law" that made it illegal for the public to come in contact with extra-terrestrials or their vehicles. (Title 14, Section 1211 of the Code of Federal Regulations).
[meta] "Misleading Title"
busting up the circus
According to the dinosaur media, the worst part about the exposure of Jeffrey Epstein's child sex trafficking and blackmail operation is that it bolsters conspiracy theories about child sex trafficking and elite corruption. Newsflash: they're trying to gaslight you. Don't fall for it for a second.
I think my girlfriend just got abducted while on facetime.
What we're seeing in American politics right now (Between Trump &amp; the radical leftists) is the result of manufactured ignorance via the intentional dumbing down of public schools by the government.
Our True Enemy
Trump's tweet telling the Squad to go back to their countries pushed Epstein off the front page
Trump to the rescue
The WORST Part of the Epstein Case - #PropagandaWatch
Riddle me this
Bloodlines; the wealthy and semi-powerful really believe in them
Could it it be possible that Epstein used his Island to allow the rpaing and killing of children Hostel Style?
Tommy Robinson: 'Britain Has Fallen' the U.S. is Next
Ecuador Concluded That Assange Has Ties to Russian Intelligence
Wingmakers and Dr.Neruda
Bruh
Do American intelligence agencies dislike each other?
To everyone wondering whats really going on with this Area 51 talk- CIA 'Meme Warfare' Document Reveals Plans To 'Control Your Mind'
Do you know Miles Mathis?
Donald Trump rapes children. The American right are defending child molestation
Roy Black: The Pedophile’s Lawyer
Denver co legalzing weed.
Anyone else think the Area 51 hype is to distract from the pedophile ring?
Pedophilia Uncovered to Area 51 Facebook Group Raid.
What if the Area 51 raid is the government's idea so that they can thin the population?
Holy shit, so Q is real after all eh? He called the Epstein thing to a TEE
These were obviously put in this lake by a diver, but could the skeletons be real and no one be the wiser?
What do you "actually" think about the Flat Earth conspiracy?
Pres Trump cryptic remark 'Calm before the Storm' Oct 5, 2017. Kim Dotcom cryptic tweet 'Enjoy the calm before the storm' Sept 27, 2017. KDC may be read into Trump's 'Storm' and has a role to play to take down KDC nemesis HRC and Hollywood moguls.
After Area 51 was accidentally discovered, the government transported all the top secret information and material to a different location
The Conspiracy of Reddit: I reported this comment "Murder your fucking mom" hours and hours ago. No one has been banned or quarantined. I have a message that admins are looking at it. : conspiracy
Area 51 covers the 1940s, 50s, and 60s. Things started going underground in the 70s and a network was made spanning NV, AZ, UT, CO, and NM where Area 52, 53, and 54 are along with places like Roswell and Dulce. Now it's the "Secret Space Program". **We get disclosure when we show we can handle it.**
Another disturbing microbiologist death: Man arrested for murder of US scientist on Crete (15th July 2019)
31 conspiracy.
Saw this on r/cryptocurrency - Iran to Launch Gold-Pegged National Cryptocurrency
The Conspiracy of Reddit: I reported this comment "Murder your fucking mom" hours and hours ago. No one has been banned or quarantined. I have a message that admins are looking at it.
Hate the 'Q' title on this twitter account but lots of interesting Epstein related photographs you won't see on google including Bill Clinton in a hot tub with his arm around child porn sex offender George Nader.
Jay Mayers Documentaries
Iran to Launch Gold-Pegged National Cryptocurrency
Outage Knocks Out Power to Thousands in DC
Epstein's first accuser's under oath testimony with photos while from 15 years old. You cannot think she is lying about about having sex with Prince Andrew, Epstein &amp; Dershowitz after going over it. Corporate media is hiding how young these girls were.
You know shits fucked when the conspiracy sub thinks storming Area 51 is a bad idea
Possible pedo symbol on Eggstein Island sundial...
31
If you're storming area 51 or falling for it.
Me going through this sub for the last week or so.
The Ties That Bind Jeffrey Epstein, William Barr Donald Trump
Lt. Colonel's Daughter: Targeted Individual Military Morgellons Life
Tobacco Conspiracy: Thoughts?
Seth Rich mentioned in affidavit as the source for the DNC leak.
6g surgmface wave tech, powering devices you cant see, with wireless energy you didnt hear about.
Next level conspiracy
6g surface wave tech, wireless energy transmissions you dont know about, to power devices you cannot see.
Epstein's pilot was hanging out with Kelly Ann Conway in 2016.
Truth behind the Moon Landing(TV series).
Think I saw bigfoot
Mysterious: Thousands without power in Northeast Washington DC - PEPCO doesn't know cause | WUSA9 News. Epstein related?
If Q is a LARP, then answer me this..
Why isn't Ghislaine Maxwell under arrest?
Flat earthers experimentally disagreeing with themselves!!
Meanwhile, over at the_Donald. Tried everything. What to make of this?
Possible pedo symbol on Eggstein Island sundial...
The Andaz Hotel in London is at the heart of Spygate: George Papadopoulos met Joseph Mifsud and Sergei Millian there. It's owned by the Pritzker family of Chicago, early backers of Obama. It includes a beautiful, long-hidden Masonic temple.
Why did google photoshop a Tennis Court on LSJ Island?
Israel gets too much blame here.
After Storming Area 51...
Koch-Funded Organization Paid People to Oppose Fur Ban at CA Senate Hearing
Distracting the Masses
Storming area 51
Who do you think is above Epstein?
Epstein. Why now?
Power outage in DC right now.
MSM suggests Area 51 RSVPS are “Russian Bots”
Real origin of our species
Storming Area 51 isn't a cover-up attempt or distraction. It's a test of many different things in the most cost effective way: FREE.
The testimony of the original Epstein accuser with photographs that Epstein took of her over the years. She was groomed from age 15 to satisfy his johns. Also photographs of some of the youngest women that the corporate 'news' never shows.
Seth Rich has been officially outed as the DNC leaker!
Yeah! Moon rocks formed on earth and somehow were ejected and landed on the moon. Here's a NASA article. Surely it'd be better to just admit the hoax?
Do you guys think Raid Area 51 is planned.
Simulated sun???
The truth of our world. Part 2
God created us? Or was it evolution? Nahhhh
Red bull poking fun at the moon landing.
Red bull poking fun at the moon landing.
Part 1
Humans are getting grosser, uglier and dumber.
Does anyone know how to track Bill Clinton's trips to the island of St. Thomas? On other aircraft besides Epstein's jet?
Nancy Pelosi's daughter says 'some of our faves' could be implicated in Jeffrey Epstein case.
Epstein is... an enthusiastic member of the Trilateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Relations?? Huh?
Channing Tatum says the Astrology app Pattern, is listening to him.
The Great Distraction: Trump, Democrats and Diverting Attention from the Sources of Racism
[NSFW] This is unreal... Someone tell me this is fake. "Massive Elite Orgy Party"
Corporate and social media are propping up the radical left to destroy any cohesive social movement that might arise, like Occupy Wall Street, in favor of dead end identitarianism.
Every religion is right...but not in the way you think
This is why Infowars was banned. This is why YouTube cracked down on conspiracy channels. This is why Reddit quarantined T_D.
Kim Dotcom continues to claim Seth Rich was the actual leaker of Podesta/Hillary e-mails
Interesting levels of celebrity participation in this meme. ((Just saying))
House orders Pentagon to say if it weaponized ticks and released them The order requires the agency to say if it experimented with insects for use as a biological weapon between 1950 and 1975
Pentagon Ordered to Tell Congress If It Weaponized Ticks And Released Them Into the Public
#StormArea51 is a distraction from Pedogate!
4min video explaining why "asylum seekers" get separated from their parents if they're in the US illegally
Why would the FAA block allow a sex traffickers jet tail number from being tracked especially since he was on parole?
youtube deleted conspiracy theory videos?
She said it! The solidarity of working people!
The proficiency is true
Hey guys, I believe that CERN popped us into an alternate dimension. I made a video with my findings. Script is in the description.
Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, @nytimes, @washingtonpost, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!
Trump makes racist comments and gets everyone talkin', simply moving attention from Creapstien. Stay focused.
Another one just dropped: Epstein's Pedophile Island, Little St. James USVI Drone July 2019 5 (1/2)
Jews are f a g g o t s
New Harvard paper says the Moon could have extinct extraterrestrial life.
Assange told a confidant Seth Rich was his source.
In the three-year period which followed the murder of President Kennedy and Lee Harvey Oswald, 18 material witnesses died - six by gunfire, three in motor accidents, two by suicide, one from a cut throat, one from a karate chop to the neck, three from heart attacks and two from natural causes.
The US Spy State &amp; The All Seeing Eye - The US Government and their Private Contractors - aka - Illuminati - can see and hear everything! - "Microwaves Turned Into Cameras"!!!
Comment if you would like someone else
A foreign government made the Area 51 raid popular on social so they can get in there on a covert operation
Moonhoax.com Free Documentary Features 16 original interview with Apollo Mission Participants
What conspiracy do you believe that would have the biggest affect on the world if revealed?
Trump the Blackmailer
Would they show up?
Why are most of the topics here anti-Semitic? It's topic after topic of antisemitism over and over. Seriously why is antisemitism so rampant on this subreddit? Even most of the comments are anti-Semitic opinions of users. What is the cause of this?
I was thinking of a friend because i saw a girl has the same hair i didnt say anything and i didnt see her for 8 yrs maybe ,so i was scrolling down YTwhen a girl exactly looks like her wtf is going on ?this is not the first time i know about apps mice but internet reads minds
Sorry but...Area 51. My question timing?
Jews are g a y
Just a reminder that The Daily Beast is owned by IAC, and Chelsea Clinton sits on their board of directors.
Huma/Hillary Video
What if the Roswell, NM UFO crash in 1947 was actually a ussr bomber plane?
Anyone think 2019 feels...wrong?
I noticed this at home today.
Lawsuit Claims Seth Rich was DNC Leaker
NZ government budget reveals something interesting
Ilhan Omar refuses to denounce al qaeda (the terrorists who killed 3000 Americans on 9/11)
6g surfacewave tech, wireless energy you didnt know of, powering machines you cant see.
Pretty sure Johnny Depp is eating infants at Hollywood orgy island parties and getting high on their adrenalized blood....What do you think?
This is the truth of our world.
Trump is using these “raids” to bait the extreme left to violence... and it’s working
In light of the new (or known) Jeffrey Epstein pedo revelations, I thought I should link a Reddit post that was removed over a year ago from r/Conspiracy.
TIL on Rotten Tomatoes the 2017 film "9/11" has an 11% approval rating based on 9 reviews
Looking at a map, the US interest in Iran starts to make sense.
So, Twitter doesn't show me the same answers to one tweet depending on if I'm logged in or not. Yet it pretends to be some "Social Network" ?
The Next Step: A guide for advanced lucid dreamers
Faceapp is collecting your data
economicsvoodoo.com
How will we ever get an alternative to YouTube with real free speech?
Something might happen in Hawaii soon.
The State Department Once Rented A Townhouse Seized From Iran To Jeffrey Epstein — Then Sued Him For Subletting It
Considering the way YouTube/Google operate, I find it this top result of a "frazzledrip" search quite odd...
U.S. judge slashes Roundup jury award to $25.3 million; Bayer still plans to appeal
Just heard something kind of interesting on this NPR interview re: the moon landing
Here’s how much Facebook donated to every lawmaker questioning Mark Zuckerberg
Epstein’s arrest too perfect?
Alright y’all here’s the Plan for Area 51 raid
So many of reddits' mods are steering the social wheel
Brian D. Hill asks QANON for help July 9, 2019
Ken Feinberg has had a pretty interesting career...
Hong Kong police try to pry a protestors eye out after already on the ground.
Area 51 Memes a little too big and out of nowhere?
'Child Killer': Docuseries on the Oakland County Child Killings/ North Fox Island
Seth Rich questions Elections Commission about ballot integrity
Q stands for question
What isn’t controlled opposition!?
Is Epstein an informant for the US govt?
Did any of the presidential candidates for 2020, attend the Bilderberg meeting?
For the Failing-Russia-Hacked-DNC conspiracy the diversion meme should be on East Coast. Area 51 is too far. Deep State, how about Storm Fort Knox: 'Let's see them Gold'?
Electric company (Con-Edison, NY)
What do you guys think about this information about trump having cocaine fueled sex parties with underage women? I’ll keep my bias about this one withheld. Please share your opinion..........T.D.L.R I don’t believe it and the new stations are trashed. also the left are oh so petty &amp; sick.
Clappin Cheeks!
Is this really the world we are all stuck in?
Nobody Talks About the Vegas Shooting Anymore! What was Paddock's motive?
Pedos WTF
Another Actor found dead under mysterious circumstances
Amazon's marketing team: Create a "competition" for HQ2 while already knowing where they'll build it. 2. Create a Prime "shop Amazon" week where us drones will flock bc u see it mentioned everywhere
Global warming is a way to increase tax
How Julian Assange turned an embassy into a command post for election meddling, with the aid of Russian and other hackers and "powerful new computing and network hardware".
It's summer but my room is cold
Great dive into Epstein's rise: Grubstakers Ep.51: Jeffrey Epstein featuring Matt Christman
How Alex Acosta Cut a Deal for Jeffrey Epstein
Pedo Island passengers logs are for only the 'Lolita Express' jet landing in St Thomas' larger airstrip. Epstein also owned a Cessna &amp; Helicopter. Could explain recent island 'landscaping'. Does anyone know if logs are required for a smaller craft or helicopter flight direct to the island?
Does anyone have any new conspiracies, or any that are not well known?
The fact that all of these A list celebrities are getting on this Area 51 ‘raid’ seems fishy to me.
REAL INFO: What is in Area 51, and where the aliens actually are
Security reports reveal how Assange turned an embassy into a command post for election meddling, with the aid of Russian and other hackers and "powerful new computing and network hardware"
Drone footage from 2004: Jeffrey Epstein Private Island - Little St. James, U.S.V.I.
Ghosty Boy - Holy Land (Anti-war Song)
TIL the Rockefellers used to live at Caneel Bay on St. Johns Island in the Virgin Islands before donating most of the island to be a national park
Shane Dawson Illuminati
Jeffrey Epstein’s # 1 Girl
For those seriously thinking about going to area 51
Remembering the Time Jeffrey Epstein Rode on Donald Trump’s Plane
The end of Democracy and the beginning of
illnesses
$2 Used book find
Full searchable text of the 2002 book "Robert Maxwell, Israel's Superspy" by Gordon Thomas (Robert Maxwell was Epstein's procuror's father. He died under suspicious circumstances in 1991.)
So in light of recent events
The deception of our perception
Storming Area 51
I'm not suggesting anything, BUT doesn't this seem a little too convenient to anyone else?
What if we stormed the Federal Reserve instead of Area 51?
Watching Theroux back to Westboro Baptist Church, makes you realize modern media brainwashing
What if we stormed the Federal Reserve instead of Area 51?
Epstein's Pedophile Island, Little St. James, USVI Drone July 2019 4 (2/2)
It fuckin sucks to be the good guys
Bill Cooper, Mystery Babylon - Hour 3 - Egyptian Magic.
BREAKING: Lawsuit Outs Reporter "Ellen Ratner" as Source for Seth Rich Information, NOT the Russians
This happened in my dream last night
Did Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Work for Mossad?
If you're walking down the street and you see somebody flying an American flag in front of their house or on the back of their car which party do you automatically assume they voted for? Your answer tells you everything you need to know about the difference between the two parties
The Gender Dysphoria Conspiracy Is About Medicalizing Your Whole Life For Money
AREA 51 worker gets drunk and tells the truth about UFO's part 1
Bill Clinton on Pedo Island in a hot tub. Let's identify who he is with.
2 out of 3 posts are Epstein.
Leftwing nutjobs are spreading racist conspiracy theories about trump at an alarming rate
Barack obama is a criminal. He was a foreign agents who snuck into our whitehouse. He should have been thrown in prison on day 1 but he wasnt. Heres a list of his crimes
This woman claims she worked on underground facilities and special door hardware on a 72 acre private island in the 90s...
Extensive List of Trump Victories Ever Since Inauguration Day - Show T H I S to Shills!
Yea or Nay: the invasion of Area 51 is a test by the establishment/ deep state of the general public’s ability to organize and follow through on revolutionary / mass protest type actions.
LIST OF DONALD TRUMP ACCOMPLISHMENTS!!!
Mueller’s hearing is being postponed because Democrats are afraid of cross-examination questions.
Alan Dershowitz: Sure I Got a Massage at Jeffrey Epstein’s Mansion, but I Kept My Underwear On
Am I the only one who cannot stand Hollywood political correctness after everything that came out lately?
Everywhere in the news all I'm seeing is far right this, far right that. When the tides turned from Republican to Democrat, let's recap
What the fuck is wrong with Israel?
Gee, I wonder why their forcing Area 51 to trend
Man Who STORMED ICE Facility, What was he trying to do... Free The Kids!!!
How come James Comey's daughter is only charging Epstein with two offences??
A theory for the musical chairs in Trumps cabinet.
William S Burroughs rant about "aliens"/UFOs
An article discussing Epstein's scientific obsessions which the writer terms techno-biological supremacism.
YouTube video regarding vaccines has a suspicious like/dislike ratio 🤔
where are they now? The biggest players in jeffrey epstein case
Anyone else notice all of the tech glitches? India’s space launch, New York power outage, and EU GPS Satellites all in a week?
There is abundant evidence that the US government abandoned hundreds of POWs in Vietnam, and continues to lie about it.
Is there any proof that aliens really exist?
Could be coincidence, but look at the timing of this Iran news in conjunction with the Epstein Arrest, considering the billions in cash Obama sent them with the weak Iran deal
Relevant to Epstein using children as sexual blackmail: MKULTRA victim testimony about a very similar scheme
About this Area 51 “FB Invasion”
Trump demanded the congressional members he told to leave apologize to Israel. Everyone is bypassing this part to call trump a neonazi. The depths of Trump's obedience to israel is scary.
Timeline on who oversaw the Criminal Division in 2008 as referred to in today's bail hearing for Epstein.
Storm Area 51 meme was made to replace/distract from Storm Pedo Island meme.
(x-post from r/chapotraphouse) r/Iran, run by Israeli mod u/FelineBeeline is a den of pro-war and neoliberal regime change propaganda that actively bans anti-war posters and is engaged in a purge of anti-war posters across Reddit and Twitter based out of front company tied to Israel.
Found in a abandoned pavilion (far off trail) at a park in Pennsylvania. This look familiar to anyone?
Do deodorants and perfumes intentionally make you smell worse than usual after a certain amount of time, to make you use more of the product, finishing it faster, which will make you buy more of it at quicker rates?
What caused Trump's tweets against AOC &amp; co? What specifically triggered labelling them as anti-Semitic?
Epstein is buried
Epstein flight passenger: Alberto Pinto
Donald Trump made those racist tweets as a way to take attention away from the Epstein rape scandal
DNA Ancient Bloodlines Ancestry
Christina Bagley Rocca. Father &amp; Father in Law were 2 of the most important JFK cover uppers at CIA. Nice to see she was at the South &amp; Central Asian Affairs desk at State Dept. under Bush 2.
The ICE raids should scare everyone. Plain clothes “officers” in unmarked vehicles going into people’s homes with out warrants taking people and there is nothing you can do about it.
Iran Will Drop The Bitcoin Price.
Solving the Epstein Case: New Info on Fake Passport Lists Saudi Arabia as his home with a fake name
This can’t be a coincidence
The company good humor that sells ice cream has an interesting logo
Dem Rep: "We Don't Need" Blacks, Gays, &amp; Muslims Who Won't Play Identity Politics
Black privilege in america TRUTH BOMBS
Article 11 and 13; Has anyone saw anything yet?
[OC] Every country without a Rothschild-owned central bank
My dad’s best friend &amp; his friend’s family were murdered. This is likely part of a larger situation I have been working at for decades to solve. (Did they know something.?) I think this is the proper reddit for this.
My dad’s best friend &amp; their family was murdered. This is likely a part of this larger situation I have been working to solve. Again, I think this is the correct reddit for this.
Leftwing nutjobs are soreading conspiracy theories about trump at an alarming rate
All of the extremist killings in the US in 2018 had links to leftwing extremism according to new report
I’ve lost hope in peoples’ ability to research what is true and what is not...
Look at this headline “How the Epstein Case Explains the Rise of Conspiracy Theorists”. It goes on to say “Nightmarish allegations against the well-connected financier show why so many Americans let their imagination run wild when it comes to elite corruption.”They are trying to put forth disinfo.
Does anyone have the video of Trump saying Clinton is “going to have a lot of problems because of Epstein’s Island” or words to that effect?
A hypothesis on Brexit
Terrorist Who Firebombed ICE Facility Wrote In Manifesto: "I Am Antifa." I wonder why this story isn't getting nearly the MSM coverage that the Pizzagate shooter received.
Jeffrey Epstein was supposed to be a hedge fund manager. But no large financial firm remembers doing business with him. “Not one institutional trading desk, primary or secondary, had ever traded with Epstein’s firm.”
Just a little info from someone who worked at nellis
Maher, founder of Kid Love Productions with Epstein at the island
Google Protects Elite Pedophiles
Epstein Safe Had 'Piles Of Cash', Diamonds And Expired Passport Claiming Saudi Residency
Disclosure Is Happening - Aliens And UFOs Are Real And They're Here
Epstein Safe Had 'Piles Of Cash', Diamonds And Expired Passport Claiming Saudi Residency
(New, Posted today July 15) Epstein's Pedophile Island, Little St. James USVI Drone July 2019 4 (1/2)
Lawsuit by 44 States Accuses Pharma Giants of ‘Multi-Year Conspiracy’ to Hike Drug Prices by Over 1,000%
CCTV footage of the 2017 London Bridge attack is a hoax that looks like a bad movie
Saudi Passport with Epsteins photo and different name found in Manhattan residence safe.
Sworn testimony that Trump Raped a 13 year old girl in Jeffrey Epstein’s apartment
Lawsuit by 44 States Accuses Pharma Giants of 'Multi-Year Conspiracy' to Hike Drug Prices by Over 1,000%
Heater Heyer is a character in a play. She never existed. Nobody was hit by a car. Charlottesville was an elaborate well-executed false-flag hoax. I'll explain.
YouTuber CAMELOT331 (former 11 yr. GameStop employee) says he has received "documentation and pictures" from a GameStop employee that prove GameStop is committing investor fraud.
Anyone see this article about the influence of government/social media? Its blowing up on twitter in conservative circles,
Does my post fit here? Topic - Evolution and Technology
[SPOILERS] Stranger Things is all about conspiracies. But why would Netflix do that?
Snowden Warns, Big Tech Will "Indenture Entire Populations Into Servitude" to Corporations &amp; Governments: The corporations, which now virtually control most internet communications, have been long abusing their position of power, while staying largely unaccountable.
Johnson &amp; Johnson Under Criminal Investigation for Concealing Cancer Risks of Baby Powder: The REAL conspiracy is that asbestos is a *co-carcinogen* with the monkey virus SV-40, which has contaminated the polio vaccine for decades. Asbestos exposure + SV-40 = the modern soft tissue cancer epidemic.
If as many little boys were diddled in a Chuck E Cheese’s as a Catholic Church there would be no Chuck E. Cheese’s how is there still a Catholic Church?
Yeah MI6 is desperate very desperate MH370 now hijacked by Russians.
The point of Scaremongering?
Majorities of Both US Veterans and Public Believe Wars in Iraq and Afghanistan 'Not Worth Fighting': Alongside concerns of civilian safety due to the endless war in Afghanistan is an ongoing battle for the International Criminal Court to probe war crimes, including those committed by US forces.
Were the Pearl Harbor attacks a false flag?
Does anyone else wonder why Donald Trump does not accept pay for his position as President?
EU's Galileo GPS Satellites used by Government agencies, private companies and academics have been down for 4 days and counting.
Concord Management and the End of Russiagate? Don’t look now, but a federal judge in Washington, D.C., has just shut down half of Robert Mueller’s Russian-interference case. ...Bottom line: Russiagate is going up in smoke.
All of the extremist killings in the US in 2018 had links to leftwing extremism according to new report
Epstein has a passport from another country issued to a different name!
Jeffrey Epstein will stay in jail until at least Thursday as judge says he will not rule on bail in sex traffic case yet. Victims may speak at bail hearing.
Suspended for 3 days for posting Epstein flight logs. Admins really care about bringing pedophiles and other degenerates to justice.
Ever since the sub got big and close to the elections it was invaded by shareblue trolls that try to attack any posts that might hurt the Democrat Party
Re: recent large-scale power outages around the globe
Daily Beast Claims Farmers' Markets are a Breeding Ground for Fascists
Remember when everyone wanted to know about pizzagate, but all Podesta wanted to discuss was aliens?
PLEASE Check this out. It’s very real and very disturbing. #gymnast instagram community.
Flat Earth is the last frontier.
Is r/conspiracy being hidden from top posts?
Fuck is this Area 51 nonsense. Y'all Americans have guns, why isn't there a damn organised raid on Epstein's island or even any of his properties. Well as more/all comes out, "they won't be safe to walk the streets"
Pop culture confession of the elites.
Epstein bail hearing happening now - here's a twitter thread to follow along
All of the extremist killings in the US in 2018 had links to leftwing extremism according to new report
Underground tunnel system on Little St. James confirmed. "Epstein's Pedophile Island, Little St. James USVI Drone July 2019 4 (1/2)"
Classic Misdirection
Which of your favorite celebrities will turn out to be evil pedophiles?
Dick Cheney took no action to protect America on 9/11 until after the terrorist attacks ended
Get ready for a bunch of anti Jew posts and “war on whites” content to be spammed here by shills to intentionally make us look bad with all the new traffic coming here from Epstein and Area 51
The Deep Fake – Philanthropy in the Making. ...Epstein also opened Addis AI Lab in Ethiopia with OpenCog to bring AI development to Africa
Heather Heyer is a character in a play. She never existed. Nobody was hit w car. Charlottesville was an elaborate, well exucsted false flag hoax. I'll explain
Human Experimentation in the United States
Underground tunnel system on Little St. James confirmed. "Epstein's Pedophile Island, Little St. James USVI Drone July 2019 4 (1/2)"
(Jan 2019) Massive Fire Spotted On Private Island Owned By Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein - The Clover Chronicle
Shock and Awe - Military Doctrine applied to the Information Age
Here is South Africa's former president, Jacob Zuma, failing to understand simple questions about the billions he stole while destroying the country
Classic Misdirection
Remember, if you are white and they want to kill you or destroy your culture, then you deserve it.
I figured out the sides of the US secret civil war both are part of the MIC
Is the UK's Glastonbury festival run by the Illuminati as a mass psy-op?
Signed up, but I didnt? Long story short, went into the stated store and left after only using the bathroom. Then this morning this comes in. Do they somehow have a way to pull your email from your phone?
Couple Forced to Destroy Water Supply on Their Own Property, Govt Owns the Rainwater
Remember....
To balance out the scary child abuse posts, what do you guys make of Gene Ray's Time Cube website?
There is a conspiracy to elect more women. They are caring, social and nonviolent. Great qualities for politicians.
In 'Eyes Wide Shut' Stanley Kubrick captured horrors of Jeffrey Epstein era
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez is a puppet congresswoman
How can you not be an antisemite, being a socialist! - Hitler
The centuries old scheme, to enslave the Hearts and Minds of the Caucasian race
I tried to point out racism against whites on /r/racism.
PSA about Epstein and Area 51
Storm Area 51 And The 2020 Election
Palantir's Software For Fusion Centers Exposed In California FOIA
Storming Area 51
Actor goes missing on the 8th of July, remains found, presumed dead.
Feds Warn UFO Fans Against Storming Area 51: The Military 'Stands Ready'
Whats with this area 51 nonsense?
Interview With Steve Bannon On Jeffrey Epstein
5G’s “Day Of Crisis Science” Recognition – Saturday, July 27, 2019
10 Stages of Genocide
Donald Trump has a stealth crypto in mind.
Does anyone have a copy of Tracy Twyman's Genuflect they are willing to sell?
Does anyone have any ideas on why the European satellites are down?
Actor Charles Levin Found Dead in Remote Area
A Theory
Looks legit. Not sure if it's been posted before
About the area 51 charge
KGB defector Yuri Bezmenov's warning to America
Bristol AI Startup Raises $200 Million From BMW, Bosch, Microsoft - Temporal Eternity
I created a shirt for the support of raiding area 51
The good old days when we had free and fair democracy
Is the Epstein Pedo Cult just a distraction from Bigfoot?
Storm Area 51 is going to result in disaster and an excuse to further censor and control the internet.
An Idiot's Guide To Destroying Your Country In Six Easy Steps
Just a thing a friend linked me thought yall would like it.
Remember when Mark Pence was called for an emergency back to White House?
When Q says "These people are stupid"
what is your conspiracy theory about dreams? how do they work, can dreams predict future?
50 years ago, Enoch Powell predicted the destruction and replacement of British society by backwards 3rd worlders due to open immigration laws. Today, he stands proven right. And we are thrown into prison and censored on every single online platform for speaking out about it.
Keep hearing about Demons inside AI
The Storming Area 51 event is being set up by the government.
Trending front page post about DoorDash’s crony, unethical business practises suddenly gets deleted from the r/todayilearned as it starts gaining steam. Just as it was gaining momentum, no explanation in sight. DoorDash PR money called, perhaps? 20k upvotes, 1000s of comments.
Is Jeffery Epstein a Mossad agent?
So WTF and FTW are the same. Prove me wrong. Lol.
Just observed some VERY strange behavior while watching Netflix; it appears to almost be some sort of subliminal message. Link to video and caps, details in comments.
Epsteins big door is a painting. There is no way in from the outside, or at least no door handles stand out.
Disappointed in other people
Globes and flat earths can suck my dick
Martin Dillon - The Assassination of Robert Maxwell: Israel's Superspy
9/11, years later I realized.
Julian Assange - Let Me Out - WikiLeaks - Paper Planes - #FreeJulianAssange
Bombshell lawsuit: Trump and Epstein had a party where the only other guests were 28 "calendar girls"; Trump demanded opportunity to have sex with 17 year old "calendar girl", promised career advancement to "vulnerable" "calendar girls" in return for sexual favors.
"It's all so tiresome" is exactly how they want you to feel.
Fund the squirrels
Yale Biophysicist believes that Aliens have Arrived and are trying to get our attention
Incredible Timing
Why “Incremental Change” Is Worse Than No Change At All -- Caitlin Johnstone
Could someone please identify what these lights are for me?
Callin all redditors
For all you cunt bags who worship the a51 theories
Area 51 inspired by event - Storm Area 51, They Can't Stop All of Us by Amr Elshamy
Who is behind the push for internet censorship?
Hollywood Projection: Temple of Doom - Human Sacrifice + Child Slaves
XR Web,they're extending their token sale to those who have wasn't able to participate on their IEO event.
Inside the Victoria’s Secret pipeline to Jeffrey Epstein — “It changed me for life,” she said. “I thought I lived in a hateful world. It was shocking to realize that if I wanted to be a model in America, I was expected to work as a prostitute.”
I'm sick to the core. Article 2, Part (C) of the convention on the prevention and punishment of the Crime of Genocide from 1948 defines genocide as: (C) Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part.
The UK establishment is trying to KILL TOMMY ROBINSON. Arrested on false charges, jailed for 9 months and now being transported to a prison full of JIHADIS.
Billionaire investor Peter Thiel reportedly says the FBI and CIA should investigate Google who he believes have been infiltrated by Chinese intelligence at the highest levels
What does Osiris really represent?
Ebola Alert Missouri Ebola Patient July 9, 2019
'Mad as hell' monologue that won actor Peter Finch an Oscar, and is arguably more relevant today than ever before
Searching for documentary on the financing of Germany during WW2
Stop Caring about the Holocaust
Democrat congressman brainwashed by white liberalism accuses former ICE director of racism. Former director explains if he the Dem wants to legalize illegal immigration more children will die in the backs of semi-trucks. Democrats want human trafficking to continue.
Arrested and jailed for 9 MONTHS despite breaking NO laws, now he's being sent to a prison notorious for Jihadists. The UK establishment is trying to KILL TOMMY ROBINSON!
Q just said that Jussie Smollett is about to be indicted on Federal Charges. Want to know if Qs legit? If charges come within a week or so, you'll have your answer.
FREE OUR LIBERATORS
Has anyone else noticed a huge jump in “[removed]” comments the past roughly 6 months?
Eric Prince 2016 Interview Coming True? Is Epstein the crux to bring us back through Hillary’s email scandal and more?
What did they test?
On 11 September 2002, the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks on New York’s World Trade Center towers, the numbers selected in one of the New York state lottery drawings were 9-1-1.
It's quite obvious that all of this spam regarding "pedophillia" is just that, spam.
In June of this year the Clinton’s were in St. Thomas which is where people fly into to get to Epstein’s island. Epstein arrested in July. Tom Arnold knew Epstein was being investigated by the Trump admin b/c his buddy was engaged to Ghislaine Maxwell. Clinton’s prob knew as well.
This user has been counting down randomly on different posts. What is it?
Area 51 and timing
Repost (forgot ss) you can look at little Santa James on snapchat
Craigslist's Craig Newmark: 'Outrage is profitable. Most online outrage is faked for profit'
Its all controlled
Arrested on bogus charges sentenced to 9 MONTHS in prison and sent to a jail FULL of Muslim extremists. The UK government is trying to KILL Tommy Robinson for refusing to keep quiet on Islamisation and Muslim child rape gangs!
Craigslist's Craig Newmark: 'Outrage is profitable. Most online outrage is faked for profit'
Truthstream Media "Do People Realize They Are Creating Their Own Overlords?"
How crazy would it be if people actually try to get in Area 51 , but an earthquake takes them all out first? Can’t blame them for mother nature’s doing.
"President Trump hosted a group of race-baiting conspiracy theorists at the White House for what was dubbed a "social media summit." - perpetual race-baiting conspiracy theorist MSNBC
The small hadron collider in Tennessee and The big one in Europe are linked portals. That’s how these celebs, politicians, and such get from country to country so fast.
Weird coincidence?
You can see little saint james on snapchat , just zoom in
@VincentCrypt46 - 0min delta tweet with Q drop at 7:50, then 18min delta with POTUS tweet at 10:17. 18=R=JFK Jr
Okay but what if the pedos are a distraction for Area 51?
Citizens Urge St. Louis Park to Reverse Decision To Stop Reciting Pledge (Apparently This issue doesn't matter but "Climate Change, Diversity and sustainability" are the important issues.
Visit r/suicideconspiracy
"President Trump hosted a group of race-baiting conspiracy theorists at the White House for what was dubbed a "social media summit." - perpetual race-baiter MSNBC
Let's focus on what really matters
The Area 51 memes aren’t being used as a distraction, they’re literally just memes. You could say that any two things happening concurrently are distractions for each other.
Children Are Being 'Rented' to Help Migrants Claim Asylum
I feel sick to the core Article 2, Part (c) of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide from 1948 defines genocide as: (c) Deliberately inflicting on the group CONDITIONS OF LIFE calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part. God help us.
Military Contractors Hacked Activist Post Following Bombshell That Several Alternative Journalists Set Up With Child Porn, Here's The Warning Shot! — Steemit
Does anyone have that picture where it has a list of us governement department heads also being ceo/vice president of private corporations that do business within that sphere?
[META] This is what happens when white liberals are confronted with the truth about their political ideology on Reddit. They demand conformity &amp; trying to bully people into conformity. Their brains short-circuit when confronted with the truth. Reddit target market is white liberals.
Why would they allow the Epstein scandal to blow up so much if it is taking down so many powerful people?
You guys are making us look like idiots.
The CIA sells drugs and operates and hopes "the old will Die and the young will Forget" about it. Australian Michael Hand of the Nugan Hand bank, a CIA asset that involved laundering drug money during the Vietnam war, was discovered alive in a small town in Idaho by Australian journalists.
Lots of number coincidence in the news.
The radar conspiracy is real!
ICE Bomber’s manifesto: “I am Antifa”
Google Search Results and Conservative News
Where in the world are all the shills?
Starting are Series On the Nazca Lines of Peru
Area 51 is all a distraction...
The Area 51 storming is just marketing for E.T. 2
Im not usually one to believe in conspiracies, but this NY blackout has me wondering.
Proof CNN Knew Towers Would Come Down, What "Collapses" Would Look Like
Left wing subs praising a literal domestic terrorist. I wondah if they’d get quarantined
Israel is hard core racist.
Porn is a Weapon - Owen Benjamin
Watch: Detroit Police Board Commissioner Grabbed Out of His Seat, Handcuffed by Police After Voicing Concerns with Facial Recognition
I wonder why the MSM forgets to cover these mass shootings.
This POS cop plants drugs in innocent people's vehicles
"They try to make it so that a belief in a conspiracy makes you somehow outside the norm, that you’re a kook, that you’re a conspiracy buff" - George Carlin
Deep Fake videos are on the RISE, do NOT fall for what you will eventually see with the Epstein evidence!!
*SPOILERS* Discussion: Could Spider-Man: Far From Home be a big step towards opening people’s eyes regarding misinformation?
Society Masturbating Its Way Into Climate Catastrophe: Report
[META] I’m getting a lot of feedback that people don’t like my use of the term white liberal. These 2 posts just showed up in my twitter feed. A Muslim lady calling people that don’t vote Democrat racist &amp; a black man criticizing white liberals. I didn’t invent the term.
Area 51 memes have changed their tone recently, and are essentially mocking the concept of a massive organized protest, particularly after the spinoff, “Lets all storm the federal reserve”. TPTB don’t like the idea of massive protests catching on with the public, so they’re ridiculing through memes.
Is the Area 51 joke suspiciously overtaking the Epstein breakthrough?
What if Global Warming is a tool being used by the elite to melt the ice in Antarctica to uncover things under the ice that they are keeping hidden?
ISO: Any info regarding Stephen Paddock using a "special" tactical headset during the vegas massacre
Photos of pipes and plumbing from Epstein's island
Jews against ICE: We're doing what the gentiles of Europe should have done. Welcome to the first "Holocaust" that requires voluntarily participants.
Did New York City experience a EMP attack this weekend?
In the 1960s NASA created an explosion on the moon equivalent to 11 tons of TNT. The moon vibrated and rang like a gong for over 3 hours. Metal samples tested showed synthetic elements. Each crater measured the exact same depth regardless of size. Is the moon an artificial surveillance satellite?
I don't know if I ever thought I'd see the day when the mainstream casually talks about grooming young girls for pedophilia in Hollywood
Based on a true story Malibu Road is a mind-bending movie about LSD &amp; Project MK-Ultra. Malibu party-goers targeted in a covert mind-control experiment involving LSD, get caught up in a lucid reality of sex, drugs, science, and violence. Visit www.maliburoad.movie for the trailer!
Found something -- this road on Pedophile Island looks like an ejaculating dick and balls.
“Global humming lie”I haven’t seen any posts about This maybe I haven’t looked hard enough but it’s literally global from the uk to Australia.I Think there is more to this than just noise pollution but I wanted to post this to see if anyone had any information or if anyone felt the same about this ?
War Hawks want war with Iran again, word for word what General Wesley Clark spoke about invading 5 countries in 7 years. We are just fighting another country's Wars for them. Thoughts ?
Epstein name conspiracy.
I am new to Google Earth and have a question. How come this area next to Davis Stait looks like boxes? ... Zoom in on Google Earth. Thanks
Recommended reading for conspiracy theorists.
Incorrect Earthquake Warning??
Hillary Clinton went there at least six times,” said Eric Prince
Outrage over Outage
Why Did Jeffrey Epstein Fly Back To The US?
The Jeffrey Epstein controversy is not a partisan issue, and people need to stop treating it as such.
“Gamer Girl Bath Water” is a government scheme
You want to see a sub being attacked regularly?
The Truth About What Is Happening On This Planet - The Pedophilia is just the tip of the iceberg! People are getting Dumber &amp; Fatter, The Never-Ending Wars continue, the Mainstream Media is culpable for everything since 9/11 - The Poison in the Food, Water &amp; Air - all connected - Are we Farm Animals
Worth a look, much much more as time allows. Very old.
The president met his wife through what we know to be a sex criminal running a Mossad blackmail ring.
Anti Zionism is NOT anti semitism
Epstein
But people still troll r/new to defend it all day, every day....
Anti Zionism is not Anti Semitism !
Epstein scandal explodes in Israel as ties to former prime minister under scrutiny
Live sacrifices at ‘infrasound festival’
What do you guys think about Fritz Springmeier?
Puerto Rico Leadership in Turmoil Amid Calls for Ricardo Rosselló to Resign
Know you now where almond milk comes from
MSNBC Contributor says Epstein - Acosta case is literally Pizzagate
Things I am finding. This is new.
Michael de Adder: "My editorial cartoon satirizing Trump and the border crisis went viral. Then I lost my job." Why do the leftists think it is perfectly acceptable to use employment termination as a tactic to silence their opposition but complain when it happens to them?
Keanu Reeves, Chuck Norris, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Jackie Chan &amp; The Rock posting about storming Area 51?
Israel's shadowy role in Guatemala's dirty war
The Global Plan to destroy Europe Continues......African illegals immigrants storm the Panthéon in Paris, France
My friend sent me this picture of ‘infrasound festival’ apparently having mock sacrifices on stage last night. Anyone have any more information on what was going on here ?
Bernie Sanders praising Jesuit Cuban and Nicaraguan Communists.
President Macron and the current governor of the central bank of France are apprentices of the Jesuits.
The great enemy of truth is very often not the lie - deliberate, contrived and dishonest - but the myth - persistent, persuasive and unrealistic. -John F. Kennedy.
In 1969, 3 months after Apollo 11 Holland was given a 'lunar rock' . In 2009 the Rijksmuseum had it tested. it turned out to be a fake. A worthless petrified piece of wood.
🚴‍♂️
"Climate Change" is a fraudulent and dangerous cult, which has paralyzed and bewitched the ruling elites, and is driven by unscrupulous and sinister interests including the power-hungry socialist mob at the UN.
Let’s get this train rollin
Documents exposed how the CIA worked with several newspapers, including the L.A. Times, to destroy Gary Webb, the journalist who exposed the CIA's cocaine smuggling connections.
Area 51 actually breaks the rule 34 (i don’t know how to post this but i need some comfirmations)
Bayer/Monsanto's Glyphosate linked to human liver disease by study.
Area 51 - Datafarming Op?
Udo Ulfkotte, former editor of large German newspaper said that he was paid by the CIA in order to edit his articles and that the CIA owns everyone of any significance in the major media sites.
I don’t believe in conspiracy theories(like 9/11 inside job, Area 51, Fake moon landing, aliens and the ancient world)but I want to.
Humor!
In the 1940s through the 1960s, the Quebec government collaborated with the Catholic Church to falsely certify 20,000 "orphaned" children as mentally ill and confine them to psychiatric institutions. The orphans were then subjected to medical experimentation and sexual abuse.
Epstein´s Island little St John 900+ drone and camera photo drive dump
nice to see reddit has no bias
I turned 21 today. This was what I purchased, I never once spoke the name of it or searched it as I just happened to see it in store and buy it. But this add just came up on Facebook.
Multiverse and aliens
These guys can’t be serious, are they serious? Who’s next to join in? The Rolling Stones?
Why isn't anybody complaning about the Arab occupation of northern Africa?
Is raid Area 51 a decoy to take the idea away from raid Immigration Detention Centers? Seeing as its already happend once now seemingly...
Area 51 meme magic. Evil Epstein’s epic downfall. Can multiple things happen simultaneously?
When people in Hollywood are asked to point out any sexual predators they’ve encountered (Hit r/all over a year ago)
How conspiracy theorists taint the justice they seek. White liberals hate conspiracy theorists. the Miami Herald did shit reporting on the 1st Epstein case &amp; they are trying to take credit for his arrest. Even though Epstein has been prominently featured on places like this sub for the last decade.
Area 51 meme magic. Evil Epstein’s epic downfall. Can multiple things can happen simultaneously?
Bones found in Vatican could be those of missing teenager Emanuela Orlandi
"Kimba?... I mean Simba" - In which Lion King isn't quite an original tale
42 Street goes dark on 42 anniversary of 1977 blackout riots! (Something to see here.)
Soaked in Bleach on YouTube- documentary about Kurt Cobain's suspicious 'suicide' (first post was removed for lack of submission statement)
The area 51 meme craze
Epstein's "Madam" Told Fleeing Abuse Victim She, "Can't Just Leave...he is a friend of President Clinton."
Epstein scandal goes global and /r/news is indistinguishable from /r/conspiracy. Comments calling Epstein a Mossad agent are receiving hundreds of points. Incredible.
People are so stupid they are literally out here busy talking about Area 51 when it was all made as a distraction from the pedophile Epstein
[meta] 007 Will Be Played By a Black Woman in 'Bond 25'. Honk honk.
What exactly do you think is going to happen here? Stop trying to wake people up. You’re going to get people hurt.
Stay wök
I hope they all do raid Area 51
Epstein Is Nothing New: The Franklin Case AKA The Franklin Cover-up
Leftists subs have STICKIED posts calling armed terrorist a "hero", "killed in combat", "first martyr in the war against ICE"...but T_D got quarantined for unmoderated comments
They are keeping tabs on you
10 years ago...
Thoughts on the 2012 Mexico quake
Here's Soaked in Bleach in its entirety on YouTube if you haven't seen it.
Jeffrey Epstein’s ranch in New Mexico linked to sex trafficking, abuse investigation.
1980’s Landline High Strangeness NEED Answers PLEASE
Is Trumps recent racist remark more calculated then would appear?
Jeffrey Epstein Was a Sex Offender. The Powerful Welcomed Him Anyway.
Best Bigfoot footage?
The supposedly "fake" UFO in Jerusalem Years ago. Its possible to fake, but there's no real proof that it is. What do you guys think?
I think, Trumps tweet about bitcoin being based on thin air is a hint that the US is going, to go back to the gold standard.
DNC Dinner Party in 1995 included Pres. Bill Clinton, Jeffrey Epstein, Don Johnson, and Jimmy Buffett
Some aerial footage of Epstein's 'Zorro Ranch'. Apparently it's the largest private home in New Mexico.
Pedo symbols on artwork in Ghislaine Maxwell's house (2007)
Leftists subs have STICKIED posts calling armed terrorist a "hero", "killed in combat", "first martyr in the war against ICE"...but T_D got quarantined for unmoderated comments
My Nanny was a Spy or a Personal Bodyguard. Have you encountered this before.? My father Robert appears to have worked with the COG in this Time Period. Pls help me out (this seems to be the reddit for this).
Monogamy and the Vampiric Paradigm of Insecurity
HELP - WHO IS TRYING TO CONTACT ME? Since I have started to look into "conspiracies" I get many Facebook/LinkedIn/Gmail messages/emails notifications that disappear before I am able to fully read them. This never happened before. This time I was able to take a screenshot of the notification.
Pizzagate had the proliferation of "Flat Earther" posts and Epstein scandal has the "Area 51" posts. Any time someone gets close to the truth they try to paint conspiracy theorists as nuts.
Inside the Victoria’s Secret pipeline to Jeffrey Epstein
How do people not get that area 51 is testing military technologies that should not be known to the public because they would be known to the enemy too if the public would.
DNC Dinner Party in 1995 included Pres. Bill Clinton, Jeffrey Epstein, Don Johnson, and Jimmy Buffett
The pattern app user thinks that the patterns are from actual magic and not algorithms
Would you like some pop tarts with your cheese pizza?
Victor Davis Hanson -- The New Old World Order
Does this implicate the Mafia in the killing of Kennedy?
Are the US &amp; Russia causing electrical outages in each other’s major cities?
The Epstein pedophilia case is small potatoes compared to pedophilia in Christianity. However, Christians aren't talking about their own abuse, which is much worse.
Are all religions similar and designed to control the populace/create conflict on purpose?
The brains behind AOC
No one is talking about the shooting at Tacoma, WA
The Beast is based off Pan and Jeffrey Epstein.
Not a conspiracy, but a useful bit so people understand why the Middle East is so unstable, and also so hard to stabilize.
"Storm Area 51" is an internet public perceptions campaign.
Search engine bomb.
Kurt Cobain left a message in Nirvana's song "Come As You Are", telling us he wasn't going to commit suicide.
What would it take for the official narrative of 9/11 to be that it was an inside job?
Manhattan Power Outage
My gf found a flashing blue light in the bathroom behind the mirror at a local restaurant. Is someone watching??
Vatican authorities seal off area inside Pontifical Teutonic College Rome, in search for girl missing since 1983
The Big Short
Victoria's 'Dirtiest' Secret: Epstein Demanded 'Casting Couch' Sex Acts With Aspiring Models
Rapid DNA testing reveals a THIRD of migrants faked family relationship with children to claim asylum during ICE pilot of the procedure in Texas — white liberals want child trafficking to continue which is why they don’t want border security
The Jewish ADL is working hard to spearhead internet censorship
The President of the US is now telling American citizens to “go back to their countries”
Remember when the guy went into the pizza place and we were told conspiracy theorists radicalized him? Well someone tried to shoot their way into a detention facility to free kids in cages. Looks like the media is the radicalizer now.
Just a reminder that you should believe all these people unconditionally
Stop being afraid of the things you do not know
men in black
A European woman tells untold truths about Black History!
"JE" on the famous Temple like house on Epstein island. Does it has any meaning and if it does - what is it? Jesuits was my thought but that's too simply lol. Maybe just an authorgraph
Yet another one...
What was the Hypocrisy behind the Russia Probe?...could it be linked to Cryptocurrencies?
50th anniversary of the "moon landing" hoax. Good documentaries and videos exposing the "moon landings" and NASA. Better download these now before YouTube bans all this material in the near future.
Epstein dinner guest Chelsea Handler with drug &amp; possible pedo symbolism
"I couldn’t write [Epstien's child procuror's life story] as a nonfiction," said the Israeli man in his accented English. "It had to be fiction. I don’t think I would have survived the nonfiction version of it." -Village Voice, 2007
You-tubers do a Keanu Reeves deep fake video of “him” stopping a robbery. Goes to show how easy it’s getting for people to make deep fake videos.
Le jews bad amirite??!!🤪🤪
Micro-documentary: Ringing in the Ears?
Why are there suddenly so many blockbuster movies coming out?
hello to everyone
OPUS 167 Mossad Epstein Connection
The Pizza Swastika Story
PIZZAGATE // DREAMER HEAVEN // JOHN PODESTA
Walter Soriano: The covert operative for Russian and Israeli elite
I hate how many of the "conspiracy theories" are called "conspiracy theories", even though they are not, and thus are even more discredited by the public.
A comparison different right-wing and left-wing websites traffic
The Great Awakening Is Global: Epstein scandal explodes in Israel as ties to former prime minister under scrutiny
How did Jeffrey Epstein get rich? Blackmail.
Epstein's New Mexico Ranch
[META] Increasingly I am being called boomer scum on this sub. Seems to be from the same group of white liberals who were using terms like white nationalist, Russian bot, Ivan, etc. What do they do... get together &amp; decide new slurs they are going to spam?
Man who was armed trying to saved captive children at a immigration jail, was killed.
Epstein scandal explodes in Israel as ties to former prime minister under scrutiny
Someone drew an alien head in the dirt of infamous Denver International Airport. The same airport that cost billions over budget and has a large underground network closed off to the public.
UN investigator: Israel "moving rapidly" towards West Bank annexation
The area 51 meme was made to distract people from the Epstein scandal
Six Case Studies That Point To Massive Pedophilia Rings At The Highest Levels Of Power
First major NYC blackout since 1977 on the anniversary of the 1977 blackout...
Blossom's Fake Video Exposed by food scientist | How To Cook That Ann Reardon
The Greatest Conspiracy
Attack on Area 51 - Part 1
Lawyers: Alex Jones sent child porn to Sandy Hook families
Middle East Dictators Buy Spy Tech From Company Linked to IBM and Google
If you haven’t seen it yet watch the film Eden.
NASA Hides Huge Structures They Found On The Moon
Ideal president
Government Doesn't Want Us United
My post about Crystal Geyser's corrupt practices reached #1 on r/all and then it was shadowbanned.
What is the UK government distracting the people from today?
Back to the roots..none of this politics nonsense
At least 24 Yellow Vests lost eyes in violent protests. Now they're more determined than ever
Where to learn more about aliens
Alledged Ghislaine Maxwell Artwork
Epstein Pedo Island Drone Footage
PSA: archive your favourite r/conspiracy submissions, this place is under sustained threat and might be banned at any point.
It's happening
Corporation accidentally emails its astroturfing strategy to newspaper showing how it will fake support for bottling plant, then sues newspaper for publishing it
City of Naperville electric customers are being subjected to a governmental search every 15 minutes without a voluntary consent.
Anyone see the “worst Jeff nominees” gif on the homepage?
who wants to bet somr under water volcano is gonns destroy epistein island
Trump tells duly elected Democratic Congresswomen who were born outside of the United States to “go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came.”
New U.K proposal called Ghost Protocol aims to oblige messaging apps to give backdoor access to law enforcement
German Jews Demand Amazon Drops "Anti-Semitic Stock," incuding books that expose the historical criminality of the Rothschild family.
1 Minute DEPRESSION Alleviation. Doctors hate this.
BULGARIAN HOTELS POISON YOU
Epstein’s little St. James island, censored on google maps
How does Honey make money?
US judge unseals files in case of girl, 17, ' forced to have sex with Prince Andrew '
Area51 is spying on me with this alien spider
Aliens are not real
Epstein was a Mossad agent set up to collect blackmail material. This is more than a take down of pedophiles, but about putting Isreal and Mossad operatives on notice that the current administration and the NSA has their number.
On a thread where I say censorship doesn't help 😂 shameless Reddit
Antifa member attacked an ICE Detention Center in Tacoma earlier today with incendiary devices and while armed with a rifle. He was killed in a shootout with police.
All the transformer explosions and blackouts have been the result of the U.S. power grid being attacked by Russia.
All trips from Epstein flight logs, rest in ss.
Hedge-Fund Managers Think Epstein's Actual Business Was Blackmail
CNN's Chris Cuomo: Let's Not Get Caught Up In The Intrigue Of Who Jeffrey Epstein's Friends Are
Cash App card with in plain sight symbols? Jack dorsey, cofounder and ceo of our big brother twitter and founder and ceo of square inc. ....
“Race-baiting conspiracy theorists” is a rich phrase coming from a network that pushed— -Jussie Smollett hate crime hoax -Kavanaugh rape hoax allegations -Russian collusion conspiracy / Fake Steele dossier -Covington HS MAGA Hat Kid Hoax
Carol Burnett tugging her ear ... not for her gramma, but for the devil!
Left wing v right wing bs on this sub
I was reluctant at first and needed questions answered, but I'm now convinced of the truth of "flat earth". The orthodox globe/heliocentric cosmology is a Satanic lie to promote the Big Bang, evolution and atheism, and to cause people to reject God.
How can we fight back the elites plans except for diseminating information?
The Myth of US Border Concentration Camps
Left-wing terrorism in America vastly out numbers right wing
Chris Cornell &amp; Chester Bennington: The Isaac Kappy Connection
Broadcasted Military Tribunals are Coming!!! The House of Representatives moved Friday to make military commissions held at Guantanamo Bay more transparent by paving the way for proceedings to be broadcast online, plus more evidence in ss.
My parents told me to grow up after talking about conspiracies at the dinner table.
rundown of Epstein's Torture Island. If you were going to commit the worst crimes against children, you would choose an island far from prying eyes with hills for underground torture chambers that was near a supply of children (Haiti/DR/PR) that no one would notice if gone.
Epstein's Pedophile Island, Little St. James USVI Drone July 2019 3 (2/2)
The Myth of US Border Concentration Camps
600 000 armed Patriots are gonna storm area 51. The us government protects it s military bases more than actual US citizens. They cant stop us all. We re gonna rendezvous and Map out any battle plan in case the aur force opens fire on us citizens. Would be great if they enforced the southern border
Is the Area 51 Raid a Distraction from Epstein?
Bill Maher 2018 laughs: "Our government is riddled with rogue criminal element that is interested in evil in general, but their specialty is pedophilia." Not so funny now?
Trails lead from Epstein's NM Mansion to Tom Ford's mansion &amp; 'Silverado Movie Town'
YouTube algorithm is now directing you towards corporate media propaganda, eliminating independent news competitors
The lack of a coordinated effort by the mainstream media suggests Epstein's arrest is not part of an effort to smear Trump. Most likely it's the opposite and Trump's enemies should be worried.
Fucking knew it!
Govt Should Be Ashamed—Not Proud—That It Restricts Digital Space
Just saying...
Here is Harvard alumnus and professor of international law at the University of Illinois, Francis Boyle, alleging Epstein’s arrest is part of a deep state plan to put pressure on Trump to attack Iran.
Was the Moon Landing fake? Insightful Apollo 11 Video
Gambling is just a tax on the poor.
Bohemian Grove's annual summer encampment is currently in session, just in case you're wondering what all the weirdness occuring is about
RFK jr. is probably about to be suicided. “VAXXERs”can’t be allowed a win.
Obama repeal the law against political propaganda in 2012. It's time to make a new law against political propoganda
Redpill them bros
Yellow Vests protest in Paris on Bastille Day. No media coverage for MONTHS now.
Dorothy Kilgallen died under mysterious circumstances in 1965. She started reporting on UFOs in the 50's, was extremely critical of the US government, and interviewed Jack Ruby in private, claiming to be "about to blow the JFK case sky high."
TIL The chorus of "Don't Stop Believin'" doesn't kick in until 3:22.
How Trade War Happens and Destroys Countries
oBama built the eyptian pyramids????omg
Did dangerous rhetoric from Democrat media &amp; politicans inspire the ice shooter? What did they think would happen when they recklessly compared the border crisis to concentration camps? These outlets need to be removed from Facebook
Flat earthers might be retarded
Society rewards sociopathic behavior
Updates and changes in policy
Something different from all the pedo stuff thats been here lately
Georgia Tann Kidnapped And Sold Babies On The Black Market
The way the Area 51 situation popped up stinks of funded viral advertising/campaigning. I very well think it may turn out to be a "false flag".
How U.S. Tech Giants Are Helping to Build China’s Surveillance State - An American organization founded by tech giants Google and IBM is working with a company that is helping China’s authoritarian government conduct mass surveillance against its citizens
Asian Bigfoot. The Singaporean Monkey man could be a real creature?
Modern sewers are a ploy to steal out poo, and the mods are in on it!!
Finnish study finds ‘practically no’ evidence for man-made climate change
I think they should do a live action powerpuff girls starring three black men
Incredibly strange YouTube channel discovery
The real son of God came
Donald Trump is a pedophile
Incredibly strange YouTube channel discovery
The Mad Science Behind Jeffery Epstein, NASA, Allister Crowley, Aldous Huxley, Socialism, MSM, Wall Street, the Internet and 20th Century History: Get ready to have your mind blown wide open.
Can someone help me identify the meaning behind this YouTube channel?
This Epstein case is horrific and the young women deserve justice. It is quite likely that some of our faves are implicated but we must follow the facts and let the chips fall where they may - whether on Republicans or Democrats.
The "Pedogate researcher" Tracey Twyman has written extensively on the occult, the CIA, mind control, Baphomet, and other dark forces in this world in sympathetic and favorable narratives. This is totally a pysop.
What if this "Storm Area 51" thing is actually how disclosure happens?
What the hell is going on. It seems like i missed out on the last ten years of my life.
Not sure what to make of this
Shit is gonna go down on August 11th or 10th this year
Possible alien abduction experience
Just testing to se if my post gets posted or I just recieve a message with nothing there and my post is nowhere to be seen on reddit.
Thought 007 could never be a woman or black? Well, she's both! James Bond will hand the number over
The Ring of Power 2 - The Zion King
India is going to the moon. For real. 100%. Nothing fake about it....
My A51 thoughts....
THE RING OF POWER 2 - THE ZION KING
Until people start noticing the link between wealthy elites and pedophilia/rape/sex trafficking, especially jewish ones, things like Epstein will just keep happening
Fun Music Conspiracy Theory: The song 'Animal Magnetism' by the Scorpions (1980)... inspired what became Alice in Chains almost 10 years later. Alice in Chains actually started the grunge movement. They were on scene/active prior to Nirvana and Pearl Jam. We owe credit to grunge to The Scorpions.
Is r/unpopularopinion is the new echo chamber for r/The_Donald refugees?
RuneScape&amp;reg; Bot - RuneScape&amp;reg; Mobile Bot - OSRS Bot - TRiBot
New York power outage occurs exactly 42 years after 77’ mass black out
What's the bet this will happen
One of the comments mentions a reverse image search connects the image to pedophilic networks
Rabbi Finkelstein interview talking about the goyem and feeding them their own children. Classic stuff.
A51 fiasco
What is beyond Antarctica?
It Sure Looks Like Jeffrey Epstein Was a Spy—But Whose?
where this programmer from
Since Angels in the outfield actually happened today 7/13 I thought it was fitting to revisit a few older ideas and a couple new ones that may leave your belly full of life!
I posted about Epstein on my local discussion group and it got taken down. Nothing on any kind of violating terms was said. Just an fyi. Keep spreading the word guys. Don't give up this fight.
Black Americans resemble the Melanesians/Fijians far more than West Africans
The pernicious CIA slithers its way even into Socialist organizations, doling out millions of dollars every year to push its belligerent, militaristic agenda onto the The Left and unsuspecting, peace-loving people in general
WE WANT YOUR SOUL (Shit gets crazy at the end)
Dude said the people who try and storm Area 51 are voluntary sacrificing themselves.
"7.1 quake packed the power of 45 nuclear bombs"
I'm Starting To Realize Exactly How Dangerous Deepfakes Will Be
Shaun King extolling folks to attach the immigration detention facilities. Like the one the guy just got killed attacking.
PRI: How sex traffickers use modeling contracts to lure young women
I didn't hear about the proposed invasion of Area 51 until people started posting memes. Who are all these people posting memes about it?
It’ll get dark then they’ll appear
The Significance of '42' (NYC Outages and Synchronicity)
Wtf guys. I havent seen anything about this..
Yeah, Reddit too...
just tried to tell my mother about jeffery epstein and her response was “huh that sucks” and went back to playing candy crush... is it just me or do people just not care anymore
Not a Trump fan, but he isn't in Epstein's Flight logs over &amp; over. Bill Clinton is on the Lolita Express 26 times &amp; evaded his assigned Secret Service detail 3 of those visits to the 'Pedo Island'.
If 500k people were to actually raid Area 51, would they kill us ALL?
Anyone know who this guy is visiting Epstein's Townhouse?
Didn't Rip Torn die a few years ago?
Earlier today the NYC emergency management posted a tweet warning about potential blackouts
The new Spiderman movie is about false flags by the rich and powerful
Alan Dershowitz on Jeffrey Epstein: "I was introduced to him by the lady Rothschild"
Looking for a lengthy blog post I saw on here
The Sinaloa cartel makes billions from human/sex/drug trafficking. The DEA has stated they are directly connected to the violence in Chicago. Sinaloa laundered $ thru HSBC &amp; Obama admin gave them Epstein like deal. Leftists don’t want border security b/c they want this to continue.
DPNR planning visit to Epstein’s island after photos posted on social media show a "new road"
It's interesting how controversial topics get overshadowed by trivial things almost instantly.
Who's going
I noticed the skull on the shed that looks into our back yard today.
There were two blackouts in nyc 42 years apart to the day
Vimeo bans videos about false flags and vaccine safety.
Why do leftists call for immigration laws to be ignored but continue to use drug laws to feed black people into the school-to-prison pipelines that flow from nearly every major US city?
Looking for a post/comment that is from a guy who talked about how he worked on "war games" with the US government as if another civil war broke out.
Everybody wants to change the world. Can more dialectics on paranormal activity raise our consciousness to bring about the next stage of our evolution?
Instead of storming area 51. Let's storm wall street.
The Recent Influx of Area 51 Memes is Simply a Method of Desensitizing The Public To The Existence of Extraterrestrial Life.
Major blackout in Manhattan on the 42nd anniversary of a previous NYC blackout. 100,000 people are without power.
An Interesting Take on Epstein Case. How he was able to make his money and gain so much wealth without real repercussions.
Why are people being evacuated from buildings for a man hole fire?
Maybe it's just me overthinking things but...
This is how you know that democracy is being subverted. If the majority approved of illegal immigration, its proponents would simply call for the laws to be changed. Instead, we get these propaganda campaigns in the MSM and social media where the law's enforcement is vilified
IS INNOVAMINE.IO A SCAM?
Holy shit. The Nielsen rating service is scary now.
Chapo / Epstein both in a jail without power 🤔
Reporter Chris Story was Murdered by World Cabal Because He Uncovered So Many of Them
Hope those were coincidence :(
The devil is a women because it’s Queen Elizabeth.
Really surprised at the amount of Epstein posts here. If you didn't know about this like 5-7 years ago do you even Conspiracy?
Question: Will Jeff be dead or escaped tomorrow?
Does the symbol in the ground on the bottom right from Jeffery Epstein’s Ranch in New Mexico mean anything?
ICE HQ Attacked In Advance of Immigrant Roundups.
Huge Power Outage Hits NYC on Anniversary of Infamous 1977 Blackout
The storming of area 51 idea is a Russian psy op
MSM, Big Tech, &amp; Media Matters kills QAnon conspiracy on the Internet. This is his last drop - RIP.
MSM is reporting a city wide blackout in NYC, this is on the 42nd anniversary of the famous 1977 blackout.
Jeffrey Epstein Called Himself A “Science Philanthropist” And Donated Millions To These Researchers
They are doing this to distract us while they move the aliens out of Area 51
Jeffrey Epstein's Current Spiderweb in the Virgin Islands - Tax Free!
If you think Epstein was bad check this guy out
Is this what's happening to the missing children?
Serious Question... Monsanto et el., creates products that are made to be sprayed on consumable food. Aforementioned consumable food causes cancer because of the aforementioned product made by Monsanto et el., being sprayed. Seems like a weapon. Wouldn't this be a crime against humanity?
The underage girl with Bill Clinton on Epstein's jet is not named 'Rachel Chandler'. Does anyone know her birth name. Almost 100% she is of Russian/Ukrainian descent.
Would love your feedback.
FBI: Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Was Informant for Mueller's FBI; Special Counsel Under Fire for Deal with Sex Offender – True Pundit
What if Michael Jackson was an alien and the swat team took him and put him in Area 51 and the fbi said mj was dead
Jake Tapper @ CNN being called out for Brett Schulte friendship, admits liking friends kids pics on Facebook, wife admits Comet Ping Pong favorite restaurant.
The "reforestation" plan: predictive programming aiming to move people into surveilled megacities
I think a war is coming
#epstein
#epstein
TIL the United States Government was in full support of the movie Independence Day [1996] offering real military uniforms and even jets until the film makers refused to remove Area 51 from the movie. The government withdrew all support.
New York has a Power Outage right now on the Anniversary of the Black Out of 1977 on June 13
Hey guys thought thought I'd share this I live in ridgecrest the quakes here are non stop and guess what they found that they didn't want to tell us here in rc might be why so much quakes are happening rn
Immigration issues in the US are being carefully curated/manipulated by the media for some reason. (links inside)
The Zion King, narrated by Bill Cooper
Extensive blackout reported across Midtown and Upper West Side of Manhattan (Epstein's home is in upper west side)
Im starting to worry about this year’s DragonCon. 33rd DragonCon, Atlanta on the 33rd parallel. Good ole 33.
Anyone have a link to the one when you type some emojis in and really bizarre videos pop up on YouTube?
Crosspost from r/thalassophobia
Proof Kmart Plans To Take Over The World
The 25 Rules of Disinformation - they are being used against you everyday on line, be aware....
Fiancé’s death cover up or bad police work?
Google Gives Left-Wing Websites Preference Over Conservative Ones, Audit Finds
Why the hell does if feel like i have been asleep for 10 years.
Do you sincerely believe that in Area 51, aliens are investigated and do top-secret tests?
Using license plates to better remember or orders
[Graphic] What the media won’t show you about Epstein and his pedo ring
Draco demon picture in video help!!
Deep Fake Videos are dropping ahead of Epstein’s evidence disclosure. Learn this NOW!!!
Jeffrey Epstein: Mossad agent
Where india is going?
Best history of Germany in the 20th century?
Ebola Alert Missouri Possible Ebola Patient July 9, 2019
Harvard Study shows fox news is the least biased network despite despite left-wing attacks on their credibility
One hour difference. Second photo in comments.
🤯🤯🤯
BREAKING: Arkansas GOP Senator's Murder Connected To Epstein Sex Trafficking In Arkansas Declares Source
The Dulce Base
Where do you watch conspiracy videos? Searching for anything on youtube just brings up MSM clips about the subject
Djinn and the Old Gods? Instead of aliens why cant it be the old ones?
Masons might not be a part of it?
Area 51 "Raid"
The biggest gang of thugs in NY is the NYPD
Trump axed Iran deal to spite Obama: another leaked memo from British ambassador says Trump's actions were 'diplomatic vandalism'.
Zhits going to hit the fan in Turkey soon. Watch.
Lucifer behind it all?
Epstein was a Billionaire that no one on Wall Street had any knowledge of. He never invested with the big funds and only one major investor of his was ever identified. It's much more likely he was right through blackmail.
Just saw the new spidy flick. This is my take on it. Any thoughts?
Aliens are with them
Possible explanation to religion
Since the shills want a source that isnt from "neo nazis" or "white supremacists" i.e. Republicans, I found a now scrubbed archive from the Jamaican Global initiative proving Kamala Harris is a direct descendant of slaveowners.
Here is what the inventor of email (when he was 14) says about Harvard
University of California Investigates Feminist Grad Student For Daring To Say That Men Can't Become Women. Its funny how Clown World preaches tolerance unless dissent is involved.
Sponge bob was born on July 14 1986 and the first episode aired in April of 1999, spongebob would be only 12, therefore mr krabs violated child labor laws by hiring him.
Founder of African American museum found dead in trunk of car
One of the craziest links I seen in a while. A "school" in the woods of Maine that trained children to abuse and manipulate each other while adults monitored. This place was allowed to secretly run for 40 years and is only being talked about now. MKULTRA anyone?
How the appendix of 1984 changes everything.
TIL that Jeffery Epstein is one of the original investors of celebrity gossip magazine and website Radar Online
Clearly using code words. Bottom note is creepy..
Pedophilia
Remember when Obama officials toured a detention facility, of course not
In the past few months we’ve had sex trafficking related busts of the Florida massage parlor that Patriots owner Robert Kraft frequented, then Epstein, then R Kelly. What do you guys think is going to be the conclusion of all of this? Who do you think is next on the list to be taken down?
Recording of Conversation with aurora theater shooting victims parents.
List of companies connected to Jeffery Epstein. Any more?
Is there anyone who thinks that the Pizzagate 'thing' is an extremely elaborate, ongoing sort of 'real life play' (regardless of why this would be)? If so, would love to hear general thoughts and comments on why this would be the case in your opinion (even if all you have is considered opinion)
Antifa Leader Exposed: You won’t believe who he hangs around with!
Does anybody have info on Isla Guadalupe?
Always watching
Analysis from former Israeli/ American Intelligence officer on Epstein and his Mossad connection. (Recorded 7/13/19)
Fun trick via refresh rate per min tracking of post blocking, aka the fuzz
Deleted r/Documentary post: "Medical Genocide: Hidden mass murder in China's organ transplant industry (2017). China now performs the most organ transplants in the world yet has few voluntary donors."
Media Blackout On Israel Bombing Gaza Refugee Camp
Area 51 or the Vatican ???
AT&amp;amp;T "free" robocall blocking service comes with a $4 monthly catch
During Epstein's trial, Sec. Acosta claimed he was told Epstein "belonged to intelligence" and was "above his pay grade."
Where did the story come from that McDonalds took over the supplier for Tim Horton's coffee?
To the people who are saying they are going to raid Area 51
Deleted Showerthoughts post: "It used to be that the news would tell you what happened and you had to make an opinion on the subject. Now the news tells you their opinion and you have to decide if it even happened."
To the journalists/reporters out there - Answer these three questions on Epstein, and you will have my respect.
Help me set up a week long event
Qanon only found out about jeffrey Epstein because of the msm
Ariana Grande: God is a woman and what is this video about ???
A true Democrat? Kamala Harris decendant of slave owners proof in her father's autobiography.
Jeffrey Epstein's Private Paradise Dubbed 'Pedophile Island'
People here are trying to turn you off information without looking for yourself. This is not what this sub is about. If you let them succeed in doing this you cannot think for yourself and are letting someone else decide for you.
There's SOMETHING about BARRY!
Vanished Children's Alliance and Amusement Business magazine
Why does the government declassify top secret files
The Denial of Death: The immortality Project
This symbol again, for a child abuse agency no less.
Some aerial footage of Epstein's 'Zorro Ranch'. Apparently it's the largest private home in New Mexico.
Who we truly are and where we come from.
FBI Agent plot to kill whistle blower - audio inside
African Americans know kamala is lying. Should We Check Kamala Harris On Her blackness
Green New Deal Really About Implementing Socialism
FBI Agent plot to kill white-blower - audio included
After going to prison and becoming a registered sex-offender, the rich and powerful welcomed Jeffrey Epstein back.
MEChA and the La Raza movement. Is it a racist plan to conquer the western US through immigration and ethnic cleansing?
Trump orchestrated the Las Vegas "Massacre"
Is Kamala Harris Black Enough?
Sister of Epstein's Madam is CEO of a data search technology company used by the FBI!! - TheWatchTowers.org
My computer woke up "on it's own" literally seconds before sitting down to use it
For those of you thinking we are in a simulation...
Tacoma police kill man allegedly attacking ICE detention center
Something just seems super fishy about this. I hope im not breaking rules. I just need other skeptical thoughts.
There's Kompromat in someone's teeth. Epstein's? Ghislaine? Both?
Podcast recommendations?
Crossed my mind: The submarine drug bust was faked by the coast guard to help get recruits?
Um so this is really weird right? Jump to 9:18 to see...
When the comments aren't the way you want them to be so you can everyone.
Former ASU physicist Lawrence Krauss got $250K from Jeffrey Epstein
Candy and cookie-based cereals...
Trump issues Jeffrey Epstein challenge to press: 'Find out the people that went to the island'
Acceleration, but not the kind you think
Lincoln County Nevada has these weird circles type things on Google maps....
Logged on to Facebook for the first time in a while, they do this now?
New Study - Measles vaccine is potentially causing recipients to spread measles for up to 800 days post-vaccination
Chinese police pepper spraying peaceful demonstrators in Hong Kong
Another anon list of hollyweirds that visited Epstein's island. Keep digging.
Is there anywhere I can find a list of mainstream media lies // articles or documentaries exposing mainstream media?
Seems kinda funny
What will you do if you were Donald Trump in this scenario?
US-trained troops shoot Honduran students protesting privatization
Familes &amp; Children have been being separated at the border since as early as 2007
EPA restores broad use of pesticide opposed by beekeepers
Interesting Michael Crichton novel, Sphere, about UFOs from the future, alien intervention and manifesting realities (and fears)
Report: California Earthquakes Disrupted HF Propagation on West Coast
Another anon list of Hollyweirds who have visited Epstein's island!
Airport security scanners are the perfect opportunity to get a 3D scan of a person's face and various other biometrics.
Buried 1970s TVO public television (my dad was VP) scientific mining series states impact craters discovered on the dark side of the moon have massive radioactive uranium deposits (likely being why lunar missions went dark for security reasons). Pls share.
Time to fight
Area 51...
Trying to figure out what this means.
The Coddling of the American Mind: How Good Intentions and Bad Ideas Are Setting Up a Generation for Failure
Storm Area 51: Time For the Truth | News Update
$730 billion NDAA cruising through House and Senate - wake up people!
Flat earth is a trap for Christians.
Are charities legit? - the general public are asked for money when you have footballers earning a quarter of a million a week. I can't believe people have never questioned this before?!?!
Ousted Honduran President Zelaya: The 2009 U.S.-Backed Coup Helped Cause Today’s Migrant Crisis
Facebook slap on the wrist fine continues to legitimize bulk data collection
Isn’t it strange?
Not one single article on r/news or r/worldnews? Seriously reddit?
China Lake
One to Two weeks possible large scale event
Human sex trafficking is a truth the public cannot handle
If there is no concrete evidence connecting Trump to the sex trafficking /child abuse ring of Jeffrey Epstein, nailing those others who were involved to the wall could be his best chance at reelection.
Food for thought regarding pedogate, pizzagate, moloch, ET's, etc.
Zorro Ranch questions
The exact process by which currency is created and manipulated is not generally well understood, but might be the most important aspect of maintaining cabal power. How currency is actually created. (Repost of /u/letsbebuns)
Try googling area 51.
Bit o levity.
Looking For a Video
Why Toronto 'Van Attack' Accused Police Statement Will be Publication Banned.
Can someone explain to me?
Modern Sewer systems are used by the rich to steal our poo
Look at the logo for the publishing company!
Serious question - Why are the authorities lying to us about 9/11, but telling the truth about Climate Change?
There is just no way Greater Israel could ever be the ultimate goal of the NWO. Playing with the idea of Hillary and Putin's WWIII. The Rothschilds vs the jesuits. The Universal Empire and Frenzy Holocaust conspiracy theory.
The exact process by which currency is created and manipulated is not generally well understood, but might be the most important aspect of maintaining cabal power. How currency is actually created. (Repost of /u/letsbebuns)
Does the Hong Kong extradition law protests or "Death July Weekend" have anything to do with China being a dictatorship stripping Hong Kong civil rights?
The basic principles of Stoicism.
Catholics and apprentices of the Jesuits at the head of the world's top 50 super connected companies. (X-post from r/Romerules)
MODERN SEWER SYSTEMS ARE USED BY THE RICH TO STEAL OUR POO
Microsoft is thinking about forcing Windows 10 users to log in with facial recognition and/or fingerprint scan.
Epsteins of the world - just a manipulation tool ?
This is going to be an unpopular question
What we are seeing in America today ...
Bombshell Claim: Scientists Find "Man-made Climate Change Doesn't Exist In Practice"
The Gateway Pundit is reporting that Rachel Chandler may have become an F_I informant and flipped on Epstein &amp; Ghislain!!! Rumors Swirling that One of Epstein’s Underage Prostitutes Has Provided Damaging Information on Epstein’s Friends and Accomplices!
Even cnn is more honest than q
Reddit nukes every comment in a thread about Mexican flag raised over Denver ICE facility because they go against the political narrative.
Top Assange Defense Account Deleted By Twitter: In a corporatist system of government, in which there is no meaningful separation of corporate power and state power, corporate censorship is state censorship. The time to speak up about this silencing is now. Your voice is next.
Batteries are a myth
Executed for being an anti-nuclear activist. International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War. By Maria Arvaniti Sotiropoulou and Panos Trigazis
Powers &amp;amp; Principalities: Episode 109. Tim Kelly and Joe Atwill Discuss Gary Webb
Federal Regulations Have Made You 75 Percent Poorer
Qanon followers arent informed. They are the last to find out about major events
A dream I had
Multiverse
14-Year-Old Posts Picture of Airsoft Gun on Snapchat, Maryland School Suspends Him for 3 Weeks.
Pelosi serves Trump the same way Acosta served Epstein
Study Shows Democrats Moving Further Left At Rapid Rate while Republicans are staying relatively consistent.
The nununuworld instagram is creepy. Celine Dion is a spokesman for this brand. It seems like our world has become a caricature of absurdity presented to the public as really bad performance art. You almost have to laugh.
Element 115, Black Holes, The "Kids", asteroid landings in news
In the past 25 days a) an oil tanker WAS actually attacked b) a Russian nuclear submarine WAS downed killing 14 on board c) reports that an American sub WAS potentially downed near Alaska. ALL 3 of these stories have been memory-holed. Why? (Interesting Audio Inside)
Dont forget this stroy. Du Pont heir accused of raping 2nd child in lawsuit. A decade earlier he received no jail time for raping his 3 year old daughter.
The Epstein case shows the elites intergenerational nepotism &amp; backscratching.
Roger Waters: “Twitter, you are Big Brother! Now we know it for sure. We always suspected it. You are an arm of the Thought Police. You are an arm of the forces of oppression. You wish to suppress freedom of speech.”
Located this giant square at Epsteins 'Zorro Ranch' it looks like a giant crosshair with earth in the middle of it - Can anybody Identify it?
Facebook is embedding tracking software in the pictures you download
Just a compilation of rachel maddow pushing racist conspiracy theories
Birthmark past life conspiracy?
I keep track of Bill &amp; H Clinton mentions on &amp; offline since 2016 out of curiosity there is an interesting trend.
Roger Waters brands Twitter ‘thought police’ for suspending Assange support account (VIDEO)
Jeffrey Epstein and mad science
Let's revisit Alex Jones on Joe Rogan. "A lot of nurses have noticed now that babies disappear at birth" Connecting VA. Governor Ralph Northam?
Epstein - Pizzagate Map Graphic from 8chan
If things can be Censored on the internet, then why believe anything you see on it
There is a trend to leave unpopular observed phenomenon "debated" or "open-ended"
If the evil elite worship satan and demons, why don't you guys then worship God and Jesus and His Archangels to defeat them all? If the evil elite conjure up and summon demonic entities to help them, why don't you guys conjure up and summon Jesus Christ to destroy them all using his army of Angels?
Trump's DOJ Arrested Nearly 1,700 Suspected Child Sex Predators last month
Check out this Lizard collection
How much did Kubrick know?
People here are trying to turn you off information without looking for yourself. This is not what this sub is about. If you let them succeed in doing this you cannot think for yourself and are letting someone else think for you. Right now those attacked subjects are Q and pizzagate. Learn here.
The media is reporting the "Storm Area 51" viral page was started by a "popular" Twitch streamer. But that streamer only had 16 viewers this month. So who really is behind this viral Facebook group?
Alien Implant Removals: Before and After Effects
Maura Murray and other disappearences. Will they ever re-surface?
I found this link within a post. Cooking babies is mentioned.
Watch 4K Drone Footage Of Epstein's 'Pedo Island' | Zero Hedge
He’s a pedo... but the magik stuff is a step too far they said
Jeffrey Epstein: The main stream media squashed the mountain of evidence against Epstein. Only the Miami herald told the truth,exposing a vast criminal network and a government cover-up – but why the silence elsewhere?
List of Hollyweirds who visited Epstein Island. Dark to Light
Article on Israeli Betrayal of America Declassified
400,000 people have joined a Facebook event planning to storm Area 51. Creator has admitted it was a joke. So why is the media blowing it out of proportion?
This is what happens as soon as I put the “y” after the “e” in a Kubrick YouTube search. Check the comments for what the search renders before that...
DPNR planning visit to Epstein’s island Because of Photos Posted On the Internet - Keep posting your photos!!
Pedogate researcher has 27 minute dead-man switch youtube video after being murdered
Why NASA Clothing is Popular Now
DPNR planning visit to Epstein’s island Because of Photos Posted On the Internet - Keep posting your photos!!
The real reason for the storm
Stranger Things season 3 and CERN connection.
Make america gay again!
Flights to Las Vegas became very costly for 19 and 20
Bill Cooper
How many here believe in the "gangstalking" phenomenon?
Alien memes
choppers
Plausible theory about Jeffery Epstein and a Blackmail scheme by @quantian1 explains how he amassed his wealth...
With all the focus on Epstein, what are some song lyrics that have been hiding this evil in plain sight?
Philip Giraldi: Did Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Work For Mossad?
In 2011 the UN High Council for Refugees published a report by Norwegian police that 100% of all rapes in the capital of Norway, Oslo, in the past 5 years were committed by Non-White Muslim Males. The report has since vanished from the UNHCR website with no explanation given.
Food/product tampering as a coverup?
A song about the reptilianz aka the ones who control this world- my opinion
Creepy Will Farrel skit...wtf is this?
Just noticed the swirly symbol and triangle are on the Dreamcast console.
Our Ally's isreail ....not!
So, it's 1248 am. I'm wired from researching Epstein. My ma calls me to tell me something she remembered about our vacation to St. Thomas in 2002.
Lost Ancient Civilizations...In the Middle of Nowhere - The Sumerians &amp; Mesopotamia
Joke: How do you take a census of all active and highly impressionable conspiracy theorists in the US West Coast?
Jeffrey Epstein was the personal pilot of Ehud Barrak. Ehud Barrak was the Prime Minister of Israel up to and during 9/11.
How the Seth Rich conspiracy theory put Trump in the White House - Salon. Are you in Clown World?
Some info on the moon landing.
So, Acosta claims that he was told Epstein was an intelligence asset (reportedly by then-FBI director Mueller) when cutting the sweetheart deal, and now Comey’s daughter is the prosecutor on the current case. Funny how these coincidences all line up!
Shills are out in full force guys. Shits getting real.
My GOT conspiracy theory
Just who is Jackson Cosko, the mastermind behind what prosecutors have called ‘the largest data breach in Senate history? What are the implications of the Imran Awan scandal and the extraordinary cover-up that followed?
So, Acosta claims that he was told Epstein was an intelligence asset (reportedly by then FBI director Mueller) when cutting the sweatheart deal, and now Comey’s daughter is the prosecutor on the current case. Funny how these coincidences all line up!
Don't forget this JE 🍕 connection.
(Still Hating Breitbart – Motives for the death of Andrew Breitbart)
Clinton
Anti-Soviet Warrior Puts His Army On The Road To Peace
Wexner bunkers?
Anyone know what glass ceiling Hillary Clinton is talking about?
How deep does the rabbit hole go?
The Democratic party or Christianity... Which has more pedos per capita?
The Current Top Story On The Drudge Report Is A Picture Of Epstein's Secretive Island Building, With The Headline "Epstein's Temple Of Sex"
The plan to keep pushing for the family unit to be broken and to forever break the children. Take note to exhibit A.
Unbelievable! If you don’t think the illuminati is real, the watch this video.
Some of the top comments start to dive into the Democrats having a hand in coups in South America and Libya and surprisingly reply is disabled to comments but anytime I want to look at comments on a post about a puppy I have to close the top ten comments because they're about Trump
“These people are Fascists” /s
Epstein and Clinton Foundation connection to HSBC the royal family slush fund.
The plan to keep pushing for the family unit to be broken and children to forever break the children. Take note to exhibit A.
Most upvoted comments start to mention Democrats to blame for South American and Libyan coups. Reply is disabled. Not that I support Trump or another politicians but i have to close the top 10 comments to actually get to a normal conversation
If President Trump’s admin can go after Epstein why didn’t Obama? Harvey Weinstein &amp; Epstein attempted to buy New York Magazine for $45 mil together. Obama went to fundraisers @ Weinstein’s house &amp; Obama’s daughter was an intern for Weinstein. Why did Obama allow pedo Epstein to remain free?
Media is doing damage control on Epstein's crimes. By minimising the impact of the crime, they're changing the narrative so it makes it less shocking for the public to accept
If President Trump’s admin can go after Epstein why didn’t Obama? Harvey Weinstein &amp; Epstein attempted to buy New York Magazine for $45 bil together. Obama went to fundraisers @ Weinstein’s house &amp; Obama’s daughter was an intern for Weinstein. Why did Obama allow pedo Epstein to remain free?
Epstein's Pedophile Island, Little St. James USVI Drone July 2019 3 (1/2)
Jeffrey Epstein’s cell is 3 doors down from El Chapo
Just got a creepy phone call after browsing this sub for a long time
Can anyone tell me what this symbol is? Found on the arm of a young girl in a world renowned artist's music video.
Breaking news: in new court filings Jeffrey Epstein, facing sex-trafficking charges, was accused of witness tampering by prosecutors who said he wired $350,000 to two people in Nov/Dec 2018
NYDP let Jeffrey Epstein skip judge-ordered check-ins
2008 Interview Part 1 with Indira Singh &amp; Michael Corbin (RIP) covers 9/11, Ptech/PROMIS, &amp; the global elite's sick proclivities - leads up to child sex trafficking. Part 2 never happened; Corbin found dead in his car on the side of the highway.
Wondering why epstien, ice raids, area 51, ect ect ect are suddenly MSM material all at once? What they are meant to distract from? Obviously, I dont know that THIS is it BUT!!! If I was a betting man. My money is on this.......
Isn’t the American government founded upon exactly what all these people are planing on doing; storming area 51? hear me out.
Interesting connections with this recent death
Watch this entire steal column turn into dust before your very eyes (clip from CNN)
REMINDER: Ghisalaine Maxwell's father, Robert Maxwell was the Mossad asset who disseminated the hacked/backdoored PROMIS (Ptech) software to governments around the globe.
Increase in Instagram memes about Aliens
MILAB children
“We did it guys. We were right the whole time. Now the entire public will finally know that the world is run by satanist pedophiles who eat babies to get high!”
Putin admits Bill Clinton was the first president he ever met and that they built established sufficiently stable and business like ties (@8:20)
Epstein continuing illegal construction on Great St. James despite stop-work order, threat of fines
Pizzagate
In the past 25 days a) an oil tanker WAS actually attacked b) a russian nuclear submarine WAS downed killing 14 on board c) reports that an american sub WAS downed near alaska. ALL are "accidents." ALL 3 of these stories have been memory-holed. Why?
dont ban me or report im just wanna need a vote this vote can change my bandmates life this is last day of vote day i need another 1000 plus votes. PLEASE PLEASE HELP ME GUYS! PLEASE RESPECT.
Soros connection to recent death
Part 1: A Timeline of Epstein, Trump, Sex Trafficking, and the Intelligence Community
I believe Q is a psyop being used to inject a partisan bias into its followers and pacify them with false hope that Trump and his administration are taking down corruption
Donald Trump is Draining the Swamp: (1) Last year Weinstein was exposed, then arrested and sent to Prison. (2) This year Epstein was exposed, arrested and will also be sent to Prison. Please Be Patient. Donald Trump will continue to Drain the Swamp, God Willing: The Lord sent him for this mission!
Proof: /r/LosAngeles moderators rationalized ‘(((Jews)))’ paid me to do this; acknowledging they’re bought out by Jewbags
Conspiracy: having different opinions on reddit is possible without being banned by a mod.
We are at war.
"Oh are you one of those conspiracy theorists?"
Epstein Connection Map Graphic from 8chan.
Here's where it gets crazy... [GeoEngineering Problem]
On US studio sets us crew discussed early ‘celular’ phones used by government agencies. This came my way today. Have you ever seen this.? Insight.? 1918 remote phone and telegraph. I wish I could buy and test it. If you want me to run and get it patreon.com/ClarkCPhynics.
Most or all US First Ladies have been trannies
Pizz@gate for Beginners
Richie Incognito told police he was 'running' secret government documents
Is william zabel the colorado columbine researcher alive?
Larry King caught on open mic to Bill Clinton: Ted Turner(CNN) “would serve you” 1992
X people sign up to venture into A51
Do you think that the second renaissance of psychedelics in the U.S. is happening because the masses are waking up, or the powers that be are allowing it to become normalized and accepted for a different agenda?
Do you think home listening devices also listen for their competitors key phrase and record that conversation?
Why would these men meet with Epstein in 2014? Joi Ito (MIT Media Lab, NYT, Mozilla) George Church (geneticist) James Clement (BetterHumans: transhumanist bio-med org) Reid Hoffman (Linked-In) Martin Nowak (evolutionary dynamics)
Chester Bennington
DOJ investigating allegations Johnson&amp;Johnson lied about talc cancer risks
Chem Trails: Now available on Windows
Major Bipartisan victory here by @repmattGaetz and @RepRoKhanna ---true patriots. After 6 Trillion dollars and tens of thousands of American lives in blood and treasure lost-- it's time to end the forever wars.
Harvard Study shows fox news is the least biased network
Not seen 1970s public television TVO scientific mining series (my dad was VP) states crater impacts made of uranium have been found on the dark side of the moon (likely causing lunar missions to go dark for security reasons). Pls share, it’s important for my family.
With the current technologies, deepfakes are easier than ever to create.
I don’t know a better place to put this on. I know this is going to get removed, I just need to vent a bit.
Trump, Epstein 2008
"Little St. James - Google Drive" Massive Google Drive folder with tons of photos FROM the island.
Revisiting the Secrets of Stanley Kubrick's The Shining
Here is a list of all the Democrats Jeffery Edward Epstein donated to:
Twitter thread about learning Qanon's comms. Only for people who can think for themselves and have not been conditioned to reject information without research.
Russian financing scandal linked to American anti-lgbt groups. Seems like it's slowly being revealed that Russia's got its fingers in a whole lot of pies
Here is a list of all the Republicans Jeffery Epstein donated to:
The Rothschilds Exposed
Let us not forget John Podestas email about having children (ages 7,9,11) in the hot tub for "entertainment"..
CIVIL WAR 2 in America - WHO WOULD WIN? In-Depth Analysis
Looking for more info regarding this decapitated "reptilian" pic
"I was not a big fan of Epstein, I can tell you."
BREAKING: FBI Now 99% Certain at Least 5 Foreign Agencies Hacked Into Hillary’s Server. But the server was not hacked, she sold access to them, which is why they were set up in the first place. She is a traitor and will be bought to justice soon.
Jeffrey Epstein Shared a Plane With Dyncorp, State Department, and the CIA
Jeffrey Epstein and Mad Scientists
Epstein’s legal representatives have threatened witnesses, journalists and even police and prosecutors with “Mossad hit teams” and have used terms like “will hunt down your family.”
Sorry millennials looks like they're moving the goods.
AOC's chief of staff comments just killed the Green New Deal
CIVIL WAR 2 in America - WHO WOULD WIN? In-Depth Analysis
Nasa chief fired because we cant land on the moon by 2024.
In the drone videos of Epstein’s island, how come the gold dome appears in one but not the other?
The 9/11 weapon Brookhaven Particle Accelerator
Mainstream Reddit slowly redpilling themselves?
Human Harvesting Playing Out Right Before Our Very Eyes - and We Are Powerless To Do Anything About It
5 biggest risks of sharing DNA with consumer genetic testing companies
Denied the moon stuff
This is how toxic small amounts of mercury can be...
Full Tom Delonge Statement on “Area 51 Raid”
John Podesta (Potential Real Video?) [NSFL]
Report: Jeffrey Epstein 'Entered Partnership Worth Millions' With Former Israeli PM Ehud Barak in 2015
500K plus people have decided to raid Area 51 &amp; Area 51 is the #1 trending topic on twitter at the moment
Cop shows up to an accident. Guy is having a stroke. Cop tases him for not following commands.
Questioning A Cult Leader | Unicole Unicron | Check Out Her Vice Documentary
🤔
Acosta targeted by Dems. Is Trump behind push to bring down Epstein &amp; his network?
The Spice Boys
Order of the Eastern Star (OES) Grand Worthy: Masonic Craft A Christian Organization
Looks like PBS &amp; NPR have been part of a joint conspiracy to undermine the minds of millennials during their childhood via subliminal messaging, could this be what has driven such a drive for LGBTQ+ acceptance by this generation?
Ya actually think there’s actually going to be a Area 51 raid .
Pedophile symbolism in UFO Whistleblower LockHeed Martin's Boyd Bushman interview!?
Pedophile symbolism in UFO Whistleblower LockHeed Martin's Boyd Bushman interview!?
Ghislaine, Microsoft co-founder, Octopus
MSM right about now..
Human Harvesting Playing Out Right Before Our Very Eyes - and We Are Powerless To Do Anything About It
SEPP HOLZER - AQUACULTURE, SYNERGY OF LAND AND WATER (PERMACULTURE)
"Best Bigfoot footage yet? Patterson-Gimlin 4K Neural Remaster" I never new the thing had boobs.
A definition that this sub needs.
Doctors getting paid by drug companies to peddle there drugs should be a crime. I can see a drug rep telling a doctor “every pill you sell will make you 15 cents”. Doc sells as many as he can,he has a lot of debt to take care of. Normal people suffer cause he’s a douche bag.
15 year old rothschild heiress died yesterday in an “accident”
2 Sides Of The Same Coin
Revealed: This Is Palantir’s Top-Secret User Manual for Cops
Order of the Eastern Star (OES) Grand Worthy: Masonic Craft A Christian Organization
accident or planned? what do you guys think?
Life is on other planets or else how would water that created life be brought to earth in asteroids right?
Alex Jones once said, all conspiracy rabbit holes lead to a pile of dead and abused children. I'm coming to believe that's absolutely correct. Fuck
How come no one is talking about this?
Watch this entire steal column turn into dust before your very eyes (clip from CNN)
The Journey
Michigan Congressman Demands That All 264 MeToo Sexual Predators In Congress Be Named, Repay Tax Money Used To Silence Victims - TheWatchTowers.org
Prosecutors have filed their response to Epstein's bail request, including allegations that individuals connected to Epstein attempted to run the father of an abuse victim off the road and bribe a grand jury witness; “Those who help him will be compensated and those who hurt him will he dealt with.”
My LIFE is in DANGER. Conspiracy against me by the KOLKATA police. citizens are helpless against the corrupt police. Me being threatened/INTIMIDATED by the West Bengal, Kolkata police for protesting against injustice and extortion of money. I stood up to them. They promised to return and get even.
Not a conspiracy, just a weed strain that makes me think of the community here.
All of Today's Problems were Created by the British
Elon’s Neuralink
Police Depts. &amp; Courts Will Be Bankrupt By 2030 As Nearly Half Of Their Budget Paid With Tickets &amp; Court Fines Won't Be Available Due To Autonomous Vehicles Completely Eliminating Traffic Stops &amp; DUIs
A non-comprehensive timeline of Q's failed predictions and mistakes and a list of tactics he uses to hook and drag followers.
Do not go to Area 51
I just made this. Thought it was funny! Good luck in September brave-souls.
This guy just got 615 years for molesting 5 girls under 16 - Good job guys!
Epstein payoffs
Should the /r/Pizzagate sub be unblocked and rewewed?
Son of Sam, David Berkowitz, always claimed to have been part of satanic cult. They used to meet in Untermeyer Park in Yonkers.
Any updates on Assange
r/conspiracy conspiracy
Ive starting to notice something (I know, we arent supposed to notice things) and I think I have something figured out.
Whats Happening Today
So Trump has ties to Epstein and R Kelly is...
Alexander Acosta. Why throw a career like this down the toilet?
Have you seen the destroy all humans trailer? The people are all mesmerized by a song and all go to one spot and crypto kills them. What if that’s a sign? The song being the meme in this case. Not to mention the song in the trailer is ich will by rammstein and its basically about taking over.
(Dairy is Scary) How to Make People Hate Activism.
Photographer who sold JonBenet Ramsey's dolled-up snaps for $7,500 is charged with 15 COUNTS of encouraging child sex abuse.
You can’t tell my I’m “crazy” for thinking celebrities are used to push agendas and normalize certain behaviors, and then in the next breath refer to a famous person as an “influencer”.
Area 51 memes all over reddit
Mysterious cellphone vanishing leading to a unstabilzing trial. It’s crazy how everything pops up within days. Epstein, R. Kelly...I will definitely revisit “Let me be Frank” video from spacey.
Long distance mind reading tech is real, I have seen it in person
Charlie Chaplin was full-on red pilled
Area 51 raiding Sept 21 dont believe it
I am fairly new here. Does anyone think that this Dr Phil episode has anything to do with what is going on with Jeffrey Epstein right now? I remember watching the show in shock and I believed the woman. Now this stuff is mainstream news. Sorry I couldn't find the full episode to link.
My view on the dangers of centralized religion, and those who emphasize a group of lives being of higher value than those of others.
Food for thought regarding pedogate, pizzagate moloch, all this shit...
Removed in (1) Minute. Sometimes the narrative just isn’t there!
Joe rogan and portland
What did the tennis court on Epstein Island cover up?
Facebook Expects to Be Fined Up to $5 Billion by F.T.C. Over Privacy Issues
What is the truth about the execution of the Romanov family?
French babies in 3 regions born with missing limbs
Okay hear me out
Secret Scientology Method: TR-0
Dyn DDos attack yesterday caused very little news.
If large amount of people (let's say at least 15k) will actually come to Area 51 and guards will start killing them, it would be considered as massive slaughter, and it may destabilize the country or there may be a large rebellion, only if they reveal their secrets, country potentialy will be stable
Could you have an artificial third eye? Like when they put a chip in your forehead?
Democrat Obama appointte Patrick PIZZ-ell-A to replace Acosta
A conspiracy from my local neighborhood, help me solve the mystery.
If as many little boys were diddled in a Chuck E Cheese’s as a Catholic Church there would be no Chuck E. Cheese’s how is there still a Catholic Church?
Australia is not real. it's a hoax
Holy shit....this pedo ring thread just keep unraveling more and more. It makes you truly realize and (appreciate?) just how big this operation is and how long it's been well-funded for.
CIA-Complete List of Reps
AUDIO EXCERPT: Former Intelligence Officer discusses the correlation between all of the recent sea-related "accidents" between Iran, Russia, and the U.S. that have been almost COMPLETELY memory-holed in just 12 days time...
WTF is the story behind the littles posted video? Did they say Pizza Specials @ 0:44?
The timing of the music industry
Moon Landing Hoax Interview
Something that has me lately: a Rabbit Hole I found and hope others will help investigate, re: trafficking
Thousands of American's meet in support of fascism. Where is Antifa? The "Anti-Fascist" of Antifa don't protest fascism, if it's Israeli fascism.
Report on the technical vulnerabilities found in Huawei 5G [PDF]
I found several weird occult shops in Wimberely, TX today.
My theory on Indian pool building videos
They trying to increase they're security
The Holocaust Happened
You want to know why I'm lying here?
CIA and Banks
Probably
Joe Rogan: Alex showing his power level without regards for those unaware.
Most honest president American's have ever had.
You want to know why I'm lying here?
This is how much jet fuel supposedly 'weakened' the structure of the WTC's 1 &amp; 2 towers. When you see the impacts and how much burns off the other side in a fireball...low temp fires couldn't do anything structurally to weaken it significantly.
Forbes published 20+ articles by non-existing Twitter accounts ran by terrorists
June 27, 2011 Vanity Fair article by Vicky Ward: The Talented Mr. Epstein
This is very relevant here since the membership has become big enough for the media to pay attention to. People are paid to sit on r/new and troll any post that veers too far off the narrative to control the conversation in the comments. This is about control of the world (more in comments)
Just like one can be an Atheist and choose no gods to Worship one can choose not to give their Loyalty to any sort of Government because neither gods nor governments ever gave a single F*** about you or anybody else, this I promise.
Pedo symbols on the Pizza Pi boat that delivers food near Epstein's island and a possible tomato connection
Billionare Pedo Starterpack
HQ Drone footage: Epstein's Pedophile Island, Little St. James USVI [July 3, 2019] (1/2)
Char Belacqua
See you all September 20
Can we get a new flair option?
CIA TOP SECRET Document revealing what happened in an altercation between Russian Military Personnel and 5 small humanoid aliens
Top 10 Billionaires of this Planet According to Forbes - Daily Infinite
Citizen Four ~ What other part of Government?
'Sex scandals and sexual blackmail in America’s deep politics' — LOBSTER article from 2017
This is very relevant here since the membership has become big enough for the media to pay attention to. People are paid to sit on r/new and troll any post that veers too far off the narrative to control the conversation in the comments. This is about control of the world (more in comments)
Democrats call for border security. An easy and obvious position to take. I wonder what made made them change their minds?
Epcot "Spaceship Earth" is Triangles within Triangles (pedophilia symbol according o the FBI) at "family" friendly environment encouraging children to enter it.
Anyone else notice that Area 51 no longer comes up automatically when searching on Google Maps?
Not sure if really a conspiracy with Disney, but just something I recently learned that gave me more insight to child stars as they get older.
R.I.P. #xxxtentacion
Apparent Alien Retrieved From the Roswell Crash
Trump is losing his Impeachment firewall
Listen in on the conversation
450k people on facebook wanna storm Area51
The Area 51 shenanagins is a JOKE people.
[graphic/trigger warning/hyperemesis] Someone who isn't me wonders if they were a victim of ritual sacrifice
Sen. Kamala Harris: Russian Bots Started Kaepernick Controversy.
There has been a constant stream of 4.5k here lately.
New "Epstein's Pedophile Island, Little St. James USVI Drone July 2019" There's also some screenshots of the tunnel entrance, weird sundial, etc in thread.
I don't know where to put this, but hopefully it can spread to the appropriate groups. Don't go to Area 51, there's almost guaranteed nothing there.
Area 51
Hedge Fund Managers Lend Creedence to the Epstein Blackmail Theory http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2019/07/hedge-funders-have-some-thoughts-on-what-epstein-was-doing.html
Epic!! Angry Mike Pence Just Humiliated AOC To Thunderous Applause
Here's a bunch of Conspiracies mainly around the Mandela Effect:
MeToo isn't over yet. Ask Jeffrey Epstein &lt;(do I smell a #MeToo_cospiracy ???)&gt; (0_o)
A 4.9-magnitude earthquake hits Ridgecrest, near China Lake Naval station
Predictive Programming: Kitchen Nightmare S01E06, Q speaks. He was a PIZZA COOK
Wow the work Tru News has been doing exposing Epstein is amazing
Drake is a Part of the Zionist Conspiracy
Jane Doe v. Donald J. Trump. She withdrew her rape allegations against him on election night in November 2016 after repeated threats to her life.
Epic!! Angry Mike Pence Just Humiliated AOC To Thunderous Applause
Hey r/conspiracy mods, Found this in my pocket.
TFW you're fiscally conservative and hate all forms of wealth distribution
The Great Deflection: Acosta states he was told "Epstein was Intelligence" yet so many say he's lying
Chickens come home to roost
Drake is a part of the Zionist Conspiracy
Is it possible/probable that the "Storm Area 51" idea is being pushed by Russian operatives as a way of creating chaos at a US military installation?
The Holocaust happened
The Holocaust never happened
And Pilate turned and asked..
Dershowitz Clip: "Look, I was introduced to him by the Lady Rothschild."
This Cop Is Getting $2,500 a Month Because Killing an Unarmed Man Gave Him PTSD
All alien tech was moved from area 51 several months ago. This bs idea of a bunch of people storming the place while simultaneously announcing all over the internet with 90 days notice of their plan could be the dumbest thing I’ve heard since the tide pod fad.
Where are the missing migrant children? Who has them?
KGB defector says the left are useful idiots
Epstein Reportedly Hired Private Investigators To Intimidate, Stalk His Victims
Was R Kelley in Epsteins safe/book?
What’s Up With PizzaGate?
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean Google isn't listening to everything you say
Coincidence that pedo Jimmy Saville looks like a Banana Splits character?
Heiress Iris Annabel Goldsmith dies in quad bike crash at 15
How Holocaust Denial Works
This Guy Claims to have been visited by Men in Black. He is also banned from Facebook. Take a listen because this is a strange one. Can’t verify anything.
Cnn has a long history of doctoring footage
When everything just kinda falls into place.
Good summary of how Epstein was able to make his money. I’ve been stewing on this with some idea, but not enough working knowledge to put it together. Blackmail is a hell of a thing.
Whether it is Epstein, endless Middle Eastern war, the opioid epidemic, debt slavery, the dumbing down of public education, the declining standard of living, the surveillance state or the police state, the root cause is the same; Our government only represents the majot campaign contributors.
Trump White House quietly issues report disproving libertarian anti-regulation talking points
Why do the police stand down so often during mass shootings?
Another pedo gate researcher has died suddenly. Here is a video of her findings she sent to her close friends before she passed.
Heart Of Darkness: Sexual Predators Within The Power-Elite
JEFFREY EPSTEIN! Is this an intelligence operation? (Compromise/Blackmail)
JEFFREY EPSTEIN! Is this an intelligence operation ? (Compromise/Blackmail)
is the earth flat or round? find out what the Koran says
Montauk Experiments
Mods of r/conservative delete posts advocating lower taxes on the poor
Epstein Had His Own Lodge at Interlochen’s Prestigious Arts Camp for Kids
One of Bob Lazar’s observations on alien spaceship material being a transparent metal/ceramic coming true?
Epstein's Little Black Book
Mueller will go before Congress July 24th. What did he know about Epstein and the easy plea deal? Congress has to ask him!
CONFIRMED: Google Gives Left-Wing Websites Preference Over Conservative Ones, Audit Finds
You cannot access RT.com from Swedish Hospital wifi.
Remote Viewer views Qanon
Lol is this true
Equal pay? But they are already earning a higher percentage than the men? Why the pay gap is a myth and why feminism is a lie.
Don't forget the Las Vegas Pedos
Mueller Testimony Delayed
MSM promoting Yahoo’s new c0nsp1racy podcast. S3th R1ch Ru$$ian intel plant
A thought just occurred to me about Kappy and his videos.
Why are people calling Jeffery Epstein a pedophile and connecting him to pizzagate? Nothing I’ve seen involves either. 🤷🏻‍♂️
What’s all the memes about storming are 51? Government or private organisation or just some silly meme?
SHE’S A FRAUDSTER” KAMALA HARRIS GETS SHATTERED BY HER OWN FATHER
Trump Twitter conspiracy
Operation High Jump
Do you think cults compete with each-other?
Rape kit backlog can be cleared at cost of Trump golf trips
Tracy Twyman recently deceased. Her last recording
Same depth earthquakes
Stanley Kubrick, Tom Cruise and the Hollywood pedo cult
Picture Day
From 2015 - Billionaire Sex Offender's Phone Book Contained E-Mail Addresses, 21 Phone Numbers For Bill Clinton
I've been working hard on my Black Hole designs! I'm very proud of this one!
Alex Jones is secretly left wing
Meet the KGB Spies Who Invented Fake News - a documentary on how the KGB spread the lie that the US invented AIDS and how they spread it. Same thing as they are doing today.
Mossad is the narrative of Epstein
Q drop from Feb 2019 warned that WH may consider Labor Secretary Acosta a liability due to his handling of Epstein case - Is Acosta cooperating to Drain the Swamp?
The Corporation - Full Movie (2hrs)
Testing a Theory: American Politics is Rife with Sexual Assault and Child Molestation
Does anyone else think "storm area 51" was started by Russian trolls?
who do you think killed JonBenet Ramsey?
Testing a Theory: American Politics is Rife with Sexual Assaulter and Child Molestation
List of interesting people in the truth community or otherwise interesting to listen to. Please check out and add in the comments
doctored video claims Trump called Nazis "fine people"
Labor Secretary Acosta resigning because of involvement in Epstein case
"Boy Lover" icon on Small World Ride
They're all sick Satanists 🤢 - Here is our Prince William too
We should all use the Epstein publicity to bring more of our research to light
Acosta no more.....
Around 400K People Signed Up to ‘See Them Aliens’ and storm Area 51 on Facebook
Another private temple, owned by the Desmarais family in Sagard, Qc
Storming area 51
Does anybody here have info on the Desmarais compound in Sagard, Qc ?
Anthony Weiner
Labor Secretary Alex Acosta is resigning as pressure mounts from Jeffrey Epstein case
How U.S. Tech Giants Are Helping to Build China’s Surveillance State - An American organization founded by Google and IBM is working with a company that is helping China’s authoritarian government conduct mass surveillance against its citizens
Time to form the r/conspiracy party
Rise Up!
Celebrities MUST abuse their children
Standard Oil created many wealthy families. Those families make up the leaders and financiers of the Military Industrial that is finally falling apart, right before your eyes.
In this outlined image from the Rachel Chandler's instagram of the security feed at Epstein's pedo island, you can see people surrounding other prone people and possibly cutting into them or something. WTF. Q directed anons to this after her account was unlocked.
BBC Correspondent: Dutroux Paedophile and Murder Scandal in Belgium (2002)
In this outlined image from the Rachel Chandler's instagram of the security feed at Epstein's pedo island, you can see people surrounding other prone people and possibly cutting into them or something. WTF. Q directed anons to this by the way after unlocking her account.
This image is from a Podesta email, it is a screencap from an exif viewer. Exif data shows coordinates gives location of a very rich family...
Recent EarthQuakes Explained (What They Aren't Telling You)
Did Hindus become Mayans and build Shiva Temple in Colombia, David Childress and Praveen Mohan.
A List of All The MSM Feminists Who Spoke Up Against Pedophilia -- Which Feminist Pops Into Your Head?
Why are Democrats/liberals in denial that their Party founded ISIS a decade ago ? It’s just a fact, not even a conspiracy.
A Statement From Greg Carlwood Regarding The Tragic Loss of Tracy Twyman
Ship seized in $1.3 billion cocaine bust is owned by JP Morgan Chase
Indictments being unsealed: R. Kelly Arrested in Chicago on Federal Child Pornography Charges, Faces NYC Indictment Also. A 13-count indictment was handed down earlier Thursday in federal court and includes charges of child pornography, enticement of a minor and obstruction of justice
New law could allow CIA officers and contractors to indefinitely escape legal scrutiny; prevent journalists from writing about agency activities
I would would really appreciate your input on this video - Fox News - James Patterson Interview - Body Language Experts
I hope i'm not breaking any rules, but I have some questions for you.
Gee, That Sounds Familiar
Muscle in the brain?
Second set of quakes
They hide in plain sight - swirl logo.
Second set of quakes
Pedophiles, Epstein, Clintons - deep web
Did Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Work for Mossad?
How much do you resonate with all the crazy stuff Alex Jones says about the Elite taking DMT?
Epstein situation is a PsyOp
What is the appeal of pedophilia in regards to the elite? Is it something more sinister? Are children being used as spiritual vessels because their more in tune with the before/after life?
Is JPMorgan the ultimate 'plug' [in the illegal global drug trade]?
So what do you believe in... My religion antics
Nearly a million ready to "unearth" the biggest conspiracy of all time.
XR Web Announces Its Successful Initial Exchange Offering (IEO) At Alterdice
Epstein/"pizzagate" connection? In July 2016, a multinational investment bank named SocGen used codewords to hide corruption: "pizza", "zorro", and "men in black". Jeffrey Epstein owns a property in New Mexico named "Zorro Ranch".
Lady Dr talking about ritual programming
Are you sure you believe? My thoughts on religion
Several Architects and Engineers looked into the evidence surrounding the events on Sept. 11th, 2001 in N.Y.. Architect Richard Gage presents their findings (2019) [1:00:47]
A concise (and plausible per hedge-fund people quoted in a NYMag.com piece) explanation of how Jeffrey Epstein was able to gain so much wealth. A blackmail operation that agrees to 'manage their money' in exchange for fees - and for being quiet.
The legal Age of Consent will be drastically lower in 30 years
Other than being the founders of the KKK and ISIS, what other radical organizations did the Democratic Party intentionally create ?
Billionaire Pedophile Starterpack - maybe we can finally going mainstream with this?
Alleged Isaac Kappy's Dead Man's Switch - At Epstein's place?
Medium Censors Seth Rich Stories - Trent Lapinski - Medium
Chernobyl and Fukushima Radiation Investigation | Part 1
Alleged Isaac Kappy's Dead Man's Switch - At Epstein's place?
Conspiracy theory
Yale’s Secret Society Producing World Leaders (2002)
So, I spent a little while on Chatango pretending to be a 13 year old girl...
Walked past this in Manchester UK and made me think of the symbolism involved with pizza Gate etc. What do you think? Seedy name for an office space too. Creeping me out.
Found my son watching this and he says all the kids love it. To me it looks like some sort of conditioning video from a CIA handbook teaching to kids to buy buy buy and only buy expensive things. This can't be good for society surely.
Just going to leave this here.
George Bush Funeral Letters Missing on YouTube
Cardinal Edwin F. O'Brien, one of America biggest war hawks
kill the rich
UK MSN: "EXCLUSIVE: Inside Jeffrey Epstein's 'Lolita Express' – the private jet complete with a bed and plush pillows that the billionaire used to 'shuttle underage girls between New York and Palm Beach' and host bigwigs like Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew"
Does Nebraska really exist and do people really live there.
A traffic stop turns up whiskey, a gun and a rattlesnake, police say -- and that was before they found the uranium - CNN
This group is being hidden. But that’s not my main point. The Area 51 meme has blown up and once again is being blasted on social media repeatedly.
So Rothschilds. Am I right?
When you see people publicly planning an invasion on federal land with armed guard months in advance...
Diversity seems to increasingly be used as a flowery euphemism for "less Whites"
Was wondering if anyone else noticed this imagery from a recent blockbuster?
How Netflix Destroyed Blockbuster || The Truth || #Netflix Facts. Facts About Netflix Conspiracy about Netflix
Thoughts?
US DoJ is pursuing investigation of Deutsche Bank
Fortnite has satanic imagery hidden all throughout it.
Another one bites the dust... tick tock
Did Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Work for Mossad?
Chatango A Pedophile Hangout?
Area 51 is trending on twitter
Honey Pot
There's a subreddit for storming area 51. Now's our chance
The government organized the Area 51 raid to get all eyes focused while they reveal the fake aliens. It’s easy to have the masses focus on a decent group of people through their TVs at one time rather than having to show aliens all around the world for everyone to actually see in person.
James Alefantis justifies pederasty and shares pictures of young boys in underwear in this private Instagram dm thread....because that's totally what a guy who isn't a pedophile would do. 🍕gate is real. Don't ever give up fighting.
Is there hope?
Ask me anything - The Anti Christ
Marijuana kills brain cells.
Did you guys Know This??
Quick Question, Why does the Illuminati post its symbol everywhere?
so what do we know about Zorro Ranch? Do we really believe nothing was going on there and that's why it's not named in the indictment?
Bombshell Climate Hoax Study: No Experimental Evidence for Anthropogenic Climate Change
While Epstein is in the news, let's not forget this Dutch whistleblower who goes into great length about the horrors he witnessed at some "events" he attended.
It's happening yall. Q is not conspiracy. Pizzagate is not a conspiracy. Rothchilds involved. The proofs in the last 2 weeks alone are too many to deny
Is this plan to attack Area 51 legit?
The soft alien disclosure that's been seeping into the msm makes sense now that's Epstein has been arrested.
Prediction: Bill Clinton will soon fall ill and "die" thereafter.
Possible Pedophile "Menu" for Epstein's Little Saint James Island
R.Kelly arrest made to distract from Epstein case
Shills and half truthers
Do pedos go into politics so they could molest kids because i know there is another list of dems doing the same thing
Incriminating Video Shows a Detroit Cop Run Stop Sign, Cause Crash, and Arrest Innocent Driver
What happened right before the famous 'Bush classroom photo'? Watch
Anyone else catch the nasty little argument after POTUS census question EO speech? Appearance by James O'Keefe at the end. High tensions behind the scenes.
Proximity Alert
Anti-MIC candidate for POTUS posts video of herself in Wisconsin carrying “JFK And The Unspeakable”, a book on how the CIA eliminated the anti-MIC JFK. This was no coincidence. This is Tulsi saying “I know what’s up, y’all.”
Mark Passio - Why Most Men Are Scared Cowards
R. Kelly arrested in Chicago on federal sex trafficking charges
Short List of visitors seeing Epstein in Jail
R Kelly is Arrested Again for Sex Trafficing
who is this woman, and what is the symbol she is wearing?
James Patterson appears on Fox News to brazenly suggest that Epstein acted alone and no one knew his actions except the victims.
Is CIA Gangstalking Targeted Individuals with Zersetzen tecniques to Alter Behaviour?
The human race is in a cycle of inevitable failure and trump is a time traveler here trying to do things a different way to avoid complete destruction.
James Patterson appears on Fox News to brazenly suggests that Epstein get all that he didn't sacred and no one else was aware of his actions at all, except the victims.
On the game show Awake during Episode 7 "Never Trust a Southern Belle," host James Davis makes a joke about serving human meat to a contestant's pet cats if they win.
R. Kelly charged with sex trafficking
Why isn’t Epstein’s island being raided?
Epstein's blackmail videos have been seized.
Looking for information on AIDs as a Bioweapon.
Nuclear?
This is what started us down the rabbit hole of pizzagate
I thought this was a good take on the current state of affairs.
The food industry is partly in the pockets of the dental industry
Rabbit holes
The Truth About What Is Happening On This Planet - This 20 minute conspiracy video is everything you need to know about what is really happening on this planet - from the never-ending wars, the fact that people are literally getting dumber and fatter, to the pedophelia, satanic worship division etc
7/11 was a part time job.
Who’s gonna live in all those cities underground?
1st name circled in Epstein’s black book is Flavio Briatore. He was in relationship w/ Naomi Campbell &amp; Heidi Klum. Campbell was dating Bill Clinton &amp; 1 point. Epstein’s GF Ghislaine Maxwell introduced Clinton 2 Naomi. Clinton assistant Doug Band helped Bill w/ women. Band in black book as well.
/u/brickses and others explain how Sears didn't just go under. It was dismantled in an illegal money making scheme.
Is he faking this Satanic Imagery or Its Real?...His music can make my ear bleed...lol
Also I’m high.
Anti-MIC candidate for POTUS Tulsi Gabbard posts video of herself in Wisconsin carrying “JFK And The Unspeakable”, a book on how the CIA eliminated the anti-MIC JFK. This was no coincidence. This is Tulsi saying “I know what’s up, y’all.”
Let's do it, because the government won't.
Does anybody have the full James files interview?
Feeling lit fighting back against the techno-fascists, might delete later idk
Do you think that the Eipstein story is just smoke and mirrors for a bigger one?
Read what Epstein's Lawyers Submitted Today. And Please Read all of it. This Needs to Be Seen.
4chan Epstein conspiracy allegedly banned from r/conspiracy re-uploaded
4 Trump family members in office. 4 TRUMPets of the horsemen 4 Horsemen of the apocalypse
Ok just heard this one. What are your thoughts?
Never noticed before but CBS show Big Brother has occult imagery
So I keep hearing word about a "raid on Area 51" and I'm out of the loop, someone care to explain?
Kamala Harris tries to CONDESCEND this Old Senator in Heated Argument,see how he Respond
San Francisco Bans Vaping
Remote Viewer views into Qanon
Somebody finally admits it. Western immigration policy is about the HATRED of whites.
Newsquake at the White House. Fake news faces off with Alt news and people's feelings get hurt. Some MSM guy asks Sebastian Gorka if he wants to "Take it outside". LOL
Was Jeffrey Epstein A “State Department Cut Out”?
Crickets
Mars Tic-Tac image taken by Curiosity.
I need help
You can easily tell who is actually genuinely apart of this community and who is an outsider once politics is brought into any question - or if a user is unable to consider the other side of an argument. On /r/conspiracy there are truly no sides - no right wing or left wing, democrat or republican.
Bombshell Claim: Scientists Find "Man-made Climate Change Doesn't Exist In Practice"
Do you think Epstein &amp; Co. feel shame?
The sauce on a pizza is usually spread out in a spiral pattern before being fully spread on the pizza.
Remote Viewer views into Qanon
Is the Epstein court case a ploy to distract us from the third attempt at a false flag attack?
What should happen to Epstein and anyone involved?
A USGS member was stationed at China Lake Naval Base northeast of Los Angeles. His crew found that there was an unbelievable amount of magma underneath the base. Much larger than yellowstone. A new super volcano. Anyway, I looked on live earthquake feed, and found this right where the naval base is.
Nascar drivers wife reported to be one of Epsteins recruiters. She changed her name and married money. This is an interesting article sourced to an article with a couple of Epstein's recruiters who changed their names and live different lives now. I wonder if they'll be prosecuted?
Post over in r/PoliticalHumor. Top comment: copied comment from the thread here with the list of GOP pedophiles. Top controversial comment: The list of Democrat pedophiles.
So much for the climate conspiracy...
Jeffrey Epstein's money might come from blackmail?
The Phoenix Lights. I've seen them myself. They've been there for as long as we can tell. What do you think?
Ancient Africans Ruled the Milky Way
People and the Elites.
Tbt that time Jimmy Comet admitted he knows Jeffrey Epstein is a pedo. I wonder how he figured it out.....
James Laefabtis admitting he has known Epstein is a pedophile. I wonder how he figured it out...
Radiohead - Pyramid Song 800% slower
B. Clinton w/ lover PIC
Google admits workers listen to private audio recordings from Google Home Smart Speakers because "[the] work is critical to developing technology that powers products like the Google Assistant”.
Am I hearing this story correctly?
Bohemian Grove
Breaking News about illegal immigrants/2020 Census just a distraction.
Isaac Kappy's last uploaded video (dead man's switch) -- creepy bathhouse video with little girls in bikinis (not strictly NSFW, but super-creepy)
Weird old comedy sketch with Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, John Podesta, and... Kevin Spacey??
Many More just Like him in the force - AFP ( Australian Federal Police ) Charged with Child Grooming
Ex-KGB agent explains; How to Brainwash a Nation: Demoralisation, Destabilization, Crisis, and Normalization (1985). Basically explains the events that have happened in our country over the last 70 years and how they are exactly in line with what the Soviets wanted.
Angry Mark Meadows RENDERS Ocasio-Cortez Useless in Congress,see what happened
It’s true — San Francisco is a mess. And everyone knows it
Same Person!?
Water on another planet?MyTheory
How marketers control your life! Wacht out!
Miami Herald interview with Virginia Roberts, on how she came to be abused, and sex-trafficked by Jeffrey Epstein.
Jeffrey Epstein's Sentence, and What it Means
"Everything We Know About Jeffrey Epstein’s Private ‘Pedophile Island’" The front door of the temple had a castle like "lock bar" but on the outside, to keep people in.
The intro to this song is a crafty description of our current reality
Miama Herald vidio report on how teenage Virginia Roberts became one of Jeffrey Epstein's victims
Sasha and Malia Obama’s Biological Father Suing Michelle for $40 Million
NYPD let convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein skip 34 judge-ordered check-ins
2020 Presidential Candidate's Aide Sentenced For Child Porn
Tracy Twyman has died.
Maybe this is unpopular but I think we need to focus on going even deeper down the rabbit hole. Those who control the pedophiles. Even something as outlandish as it being extraterrestrials
Fake news manipulates public opinion. This is why fake news exists
Leaked pedophile symbols from the FBI - I have never seen a leak that was so widely accepted by everybody, MSM included, with seemingly zero questioning. Why is this one different?
In the last two years, five US air strikes in Somalia killed at least 14 civilians. This finding directly contradicts the US government’s claim that no civilians were killed.
Things are set in motion
So in the end, the banks always win. We are in debt close to 30T, to the federal reserve, who loaned us paper without any backing other than the petroleum dollar?
This is My Vote. If You Violate Innocent Children then Fuck You, Period.
Things are set in motion
Such a nice ad to see while all this pedophilia stuff going on. Wtf snapchat?
Philip Brailsford, coward and murderer of family man Daniel Shaver, rehired by Mesa PD
"These people are sick."
"Good morning, wiretap!" Google Admits its Workers Listen To Private Audio Recordings From Google Home Smart Speakers
Breaking - Twitter Caught Shutting Down During Social Media Summit. They shut down entire service because #SocialMediaSummi was trending
interesting how wooden telephone poles cut through airplane wings but somehow plane wings were able to cut through the wtc1/2 exoskeleton.
NY Times article from Feb 1974 about Attorney General William Barr’s father quitting as Headmaster of the Dalton School — Jeff Epstein was hired @ this school in 73 &amp; left in 75. Daddy Barr was in OSS(predecessor to CIA). AG Barr hired by CIA @ 23.
ZillaKami might not be an Industry Plant like Blueface but I think he is a Satanist(Illuminati Puppet)
[META] Could we please make a megathread for the Epstein news?
Max Blumenthal on Epstein--Twitter
Crashing Health In America - the health statistics are alarming! Must have information for anyone with children or planning a family!
Coriolanus
Um, what exactly is that??
This phone number on the site of Little Saint James’ Island’s site allegedly asks questions that don’t make a lot of sense, if you answer the first wave of questions “correctly”. The questions change subject every time you call. An unknown 4Chan user believes this may be way to “order” children.
Just your daily reminder that Wall Street cashed in on 18.4 Billion after the 2008 crash.
Why are we the only type of evolved humans?
Map form 1570 showing Antarctica Abraham Ortelius,
iPhones take photos in "burst" mode to hog up storage and bandwidth so that you are forced to buy more data, storage, etc.
Some guy on the Eyes Wide Shut sub posted that they Shazam’d the music during the orgy scene in the movie and this popped up
social media makes me feel lonely and unnatractive
What is Andross Syndrome?
Eyes Wide Shut
With the ongoing seismic activity around China lake why is no one talking about it?
Smart Lawyer Stands Up And RIPS Ilhan Omar to shreds,what what he said
Any ideas what's going to happen after Sunday, mass deportations?
I bet Epstein dies of "suicide" before we find out anything about any other rich and powerful people he was connected with.
Elite Being Targeted? Epstein, Clinton, JPMorgan....
Privacy is free and available – enjoy Utopia
Area 51 is real. Is there any evidence of Areas 1-50?
Google admits workers listen to private audio recordings
Antifa is a false flag operation by Republicans to re-elect Trump
Just found this card that has a ton of conspiracy theories on it, only to find out someone found one a few years ago. I'm trying to get to the bottom of this and see if they are being found in the same area or if they are being found all over the place
Starbucks Ice
Is there an Area 1-50?
Just found this in my box of crackers only to find out someone found a note similar to mine. https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/5ujvmv/found_this_in_a_returned_hard_drive_bought_from/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
NEW: Jeffrey Epstein's attorneys want to disclose information about his finances under seal.
Libertarian Group Demands NASA Remove False '97 Percent Consensus' Global Warming Claim
Is anyone else seeing things change into Russian language setting? Are the Russians doing something weird with the internet today?
The negative reviews of The Lion King are supposed to make you think that Disney doesn't pay off reviewers.
Les Wexner, Owner of Victoria's Secret, Gave Jeffery Epstein The $77 Million Mansion in NYC, and is Epstein's Only Known Business "Client." Boycott Victoria's Secret.
Anyone think "dinosaurs" (as we know of them today) may still exist? Or didn't exist at all?
Sent to me from another redditor... #car-i-s-james= Caribbean-Island-St.James. Pizzagate practically confirmed.
"If [Epstein] were giving you regular donations of up to 500 thousand dollars, are you gonna be the wet blanket that ruins their underage sex party?"
Twitter crashed as soon as the Social Media Summit at the White House commenced on Thursday afternoon - how convenient!
So I was excited to eat my box of crackers but I found this in the box between the plastic
Russia murdered Seth Rich as part of their Active Measures campaign in the United States
On the moon hoax theory
Brunswick Affair. Interesting!
We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of..~ Eddie Bernays
I am from the future (ignore the source plz)
Can someone recreate this post in chronological order?
Wendy Williams collapsing on Live TV -- referenced by video on Tracy Twyman
Juuls/vapes creates to increase worker productivity
Request: Best Youtube Channel For Keeping Up With Legit Stories I Would See Here.
How the rich and elite get into Yale and other Ivy leagues
Because you people are lazy.
A US District court judge has dealt a major blow to special counsel Robert Mueller's theory that the Kremlin engaged in "sweeping and systematic" meddling in the 2016 US election [ but then who cares...media blitz already accomplished the objective of Orange man working for BUUTINN!]
So this seems weird... both that the family could wield this influence, and that the tombs were straight-up empty...
Bishop to spray holy water over city from helicopter in mass exorcism of 'demons'
sam hofman interview on the daily passing planets of the wormwood/nibiru/fiery red dragon binary solar system. “the planets electrically repel each other and are sky fillers.”
I think the whole anti vaxx thing stared in the russia as a way of the russians to lower the of health in the us
People Tell Us How QAnon Destroyed Their Relationships
Why aren’t people making connections between Epstein and the President’s concentration camps?
Nothing new here. High level bankers, billionaires, and politicians involved in yet another unbelievable story.
Epstein, dershowitz, kushner, trump, Netanyahu, abromavic, maxwell, and many more are all connected through the new york and Miami Chabad-Lubavitch networks. This is a honeypot and mossad/ CIA network of collecting compromising info. Chabad is likely an espionage haven and epstein was an agent.
Stephen Paddock as an arms dealer? Why are so many convinced of this?
doctored video claims Trump called Nazis "fine people"
Epstein will most likely disappear into a protective program after his death is announced.
I saw a post of republicans convicted of pedo/sex crimes. Can someone post a list of democrats and indies with the same?
For those who accuse /r/conspiracy of political bias...
"If [Epstein] were giving you regular donations of up to 500 thousand dollars, are you gonna be the wet blanket that ruins their underage sex party?"
I noticed a creepy similarity between Epstein, Donald and Ivanka trump. Symbolism or coincidence?
Meat infected by African swine fever found in UK for first time
The Secret Russian KGB Alien Identification Handbook
There wasn't 28 girls and Trump and Epstein in '92, there was 1 woman, George Houraney's wife &amp; Trump in '98. Houraney made up the whole bit about a party at Mar-A-Largo in '92 and the media just ran with it without even basic source checking.
There are a series of weird pedophilic refrences in the live action of Osmosis Jones
Debunking Pizzagate (1/1/19)
We’re stupid. Again. Jeffrey Epstein is a distraction from the real news - our globalist overlords’ tightening of control.
Kinda relevant with the Epstein stuff going on
Bob Lazar, EG&amp;G, a Theory (Sluths and debunkers welcome)
Global Twitter outage coincides with White House social media summit &amp; court decision that POTUS can't block people. Theories?
Do you know the real reason why the Democrats hate and want to remove Trump? It's because the Democrats are all Homosexuals and Trump is not a Homosexual like them. That's really why they hate him so much and want to use Democrats like Epstein to make him resign. Unfortunately Trump will not resign.
Twitter "crashed" during Trump's social media summit
Twitter goes down just as White House Social Media summit is set to begin?
Immigration, World Poverty and Gumballs - NumbersUSA.com (6 minute video)
Twitter Down. Is it Happening?
Subtlety isn’t Mr.Epstein’s strong suit
Watch "Veritas Re-Uploads Google Exposé Taken Down By YouTube Ahead of White House Social Media Summit" on YouTube
The orgy scene from Eyes Wide Shut. Stanley Kubrick died a few days after he completed editing of this movie, because these things really happen, as we're all seeing with the Epstein arrest.
Is it just me that is absolutely concerned with this? A billionaire with his own little island filled with little girls, which numerous famous and very high ranking important people have been seen boarding his jet to this little island, Westminster has their incidents too.
Dershowitz: 'I Kept My Underwear On' During Massage At Epstein's Mansion
Clinton Foundation bringing Ruth Bader Ginsburg to Little Rock Arkansas Sept 3. Tickets went fast. Maybe RBG doesn't keep up with current events about Epstein and Bill Clinton.
Pictures of Epstein's island from 2002 until now, start digging.
If plastic is killing to our planet, why humans don't invent the way to disintegrate or eliminate plastic?
Epstein temple has a fake door
Of Two Minds - Predatory "Green Capitalism" Is Monetizing the Air, and It's Going to Cost You
Yep the know something is up!
I try to stay away from the news, but it is important to be up to date.
Suppression of technology: Thorium Power
PROOF ! SPACE X &amp; NASA ARE FRAUDS ! The Power of CGI... What do you think of this guy?
Anyone know of an alternative to /r/publicfreakout that hasn't been overrun with the MSM liberal agenda?
2016 - Stephen Colbert reports on #PG - "An Alt-Right Fever Dream"
Sorry if this is breaking the overall topic of the page at the moment... anyone care to chime in?
Stop calling them “ELITES”
Just a reminder that the entity that is prosecuting Jeffery Epstien prosecuted Anthony Weiner.
PROOF ! SPACE X &amp; NASA ARE FRAUDS ! The Power of CGI..... Hmm... What do you guys think about this guys video?
Stephen Spielberg also in The Mega Group
New Finnish Study Finds No Evidence For Man-Made Climate Change
"The conspiracy subreddit is a thinking ground. Above all else, we respect everyone's opinions... We hope to challenge issues which have captured the public’s imagination... This is a forum for free thinking... Respect other views and opinions, and keep an open mind..."
"Climate Change" is Bullshit. Remember the whole "97% of Scientists agree about climate change".... Well the guy that started that is a cartoonist from Australia, who is also a big fat liar. When they actually checked it was 1.6% of Scientists.
A controversial opinion in regards to the fake news media
Russia murdered Seth Rich and created a conspiracy theory by design in collaboration with the Trump Campain &amp; Russia
Who do you think Epstein threatened to expose to get his sweetheart deal?
Was there ever a conspiracy when all the bankers started committing suicide?
Did anyone watch the joe rogan podcast with Bob Lazar, and what did you think about it? I really do not know what to think.
Epstein received 13 months for some of the crimes a Joe Schmoe received 600+ years for. Conspiracy.
The Celebrity Cloning Conspiracy Theory
Jeffrey Epstein's bosses: Mega Group
Remember when we said elites were protecting pedophiles among their ranks and they laughed?
Trump White House quietly issues report disproving libertarian anti-regulation talking points
Judge orders Mueller team to stop lying about Russian election interference
This is so weird, government doing?
Daily Reminder, that the Democrats cannot blackmail Donald Trump into resigning: Trump will never resign.
The Pedostate
The Official Story of 9/11
What was it? South Texas residents report houses shaken, hearing explosion
There is a cure for cancer
EL15: What is the main appeal of pedophilia in regards to the elite? Is it something more sinister?
JimmyCommet Tagged Kids Photos with Hashtag "Carisjames," Car-Is-James, Caribbean Island St. James (Epstein's Island)
What is the name of this conspiracy theory?
Here is a list of all US politicians Charged/Convicted of Sex Crimes against minors
Fed slows Facebook's roll out of new cryptocurrency Libra... but is Bitcoin the real target?
The pattern of truth that follows all shadow government theories.
Where do you plan to emigrate?
Here is a List of Republicans Charged/Convicted of Sex Crimes
Here is a List of Democrats Charged/Convicted of Sex Crimes
This is a big issue of me because I believe they have been trying to dull down certain humans capable of evolving. Mental health is a big contributor too and will make you feel crazy when you were fine.
Epstein wasn't banging children
because is this r/conspiracy that the arrow pointer numbers go up collecting
I'm seeing a lot of posts about Seth Rich. Not just in this subreddit, but other ones like r/news and this one I've x-posted
US scientist found dead in WW2 bunker on Crete
Freak storm hits Greece exactly one year after they expelled Russian diplomats
A cure for cancer exists
Hey just a thought. What are the odds that Creepy Uncle Joe gets implicated by what authorities find in the Epstein Raids?
Edgar Maddison Welch, the guy who risked his life to go in and try rescue the allegedly trapped children at the Pizza shop. He kept his restrain during the assault and didn't injure anyone, innocent or otherwise.
The body of a missing US scientist was found in a Nazi bunker in Greece
Epstein's mansion is "full of psycho shit"
Las Vegas police release new report on Oct. 1 shooting; report "Closes the book" on the massacre
Was andrew yangs mic turned off?
doctored video claims Trump called Nazis "fine people"
Eyes Wide Shut - Proof its about Pedophilia?
Making profit with P2PS and its native token
Why havent we raided the Vatican, area 51, Pentagon, all of it?
This is why they call it fake news. They obtain consent by deception.
How Malaysia's 1MDB Scandal Shook the Financial World
Keep playing dumb. Second image is from the movie lost boys, flashes on the screen for just a moment while a mother is hanging a missing person's poster for her child.
The intro to this song tho
Always remember
Why Is The South WTC Tower, The Second Tower Hit Already On Fire When The Plane Crashes Into It?
What is up with the Ocean Wargames lately?: Royal Navy frigate trains guns on three Iranian boats trying to storm Brit tanker
Theory: The Big Soda is behind the ban of r/waterniggas
Major new article: 'The Apathy and Inaction of Vice President Dick Cheney During the 9/11 Attacks'
Remember Gary Webb!!!
I’ve known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy,” Trump booms from a speakerphone. “He’s a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it – Jeffrey enjoys his social life.” -Donald Trump
My Life Has Been Threatened and I'm Leaving Reddit
Yep, human workers are listening to recordings from Google Assistant, too -
[META] I came to Reddit from Digg. Over the years Reddit has been consistent w/ the message that cops/law enforcement are bad. Suddenly Robert Mueller has become a hero. But if cops try to surveil or entrap regular people they are bad. Try harder Democrats. Nobody is buying this shit.
But GreyFox why do you think MI6 is behind all these things?
Facebook Allows Death Threats Against "Dangerous" Users, Then Rescinds Policy
Court documents proving the DOJ &amp; FBI protected Epstein in 2007/2008
Yeah no
Black Governor of 94% Black State Hires White Racial Equity Executive Director Whose Primary Goal Is Making the State Less Black
Let's take a break from all of this political garbage, there won't be any arrests outside of Epstein anyway, and talk about the proposed storming of AREA 51.
Milton Friedman - Health Care in a Free Market
Updates on Anton Yelchin’s death?
DOJ Attorney Says Russian Gov't Had Nothing To Do With Troll Farms. The DOJ has now admitted that the Mueller report “itself does not state anywhere that the Russian government was behind the Internet Research Agency [and Concord] activity.”
Prince Andrew could be asked to help with FBI’s probe into paedo billionaire Jeffrey Epstein, lawyer claims
Troll AOC on YT with this comment, need help.
[Request] Were the leaders/people at the forefront of the American cultural revolution all sons of government/military officials?
Two men from Indiana were wrongfully convicted in a 1996 armed robbery because of a false statement from an informant who had sex with the lead detective who set them up. 20 years later, they were found innocent and one of them received $4.9 Million settlement
Two men from Indiana were wrongfully convicted in a 1996 armed robbery because of a false statement from an informant who had sex with the lead detective who set them up. 20 years later, they were found innocent and one of them received $4.9 Million settlement
Great St James Island
Well, well what do we have here in NW Ohio?
The Story Of How Polio Was Renamed To Make The Vaccine Appear A Success
Why is it such a big deal if we are REALLY being monitored through our PC and/or phone?
Clem Snide - "The Ballad Of David Icke"
What's your favorite conspiracy podcast?
There is a concerted effort to blame someone other than Acosta for the Epstein deal
Sounds like a weapon
RIP Tracy Twyman dead amid concerning circumstances related to Isaac Kappy and The Higher Side Chats
Stefan Molyneux's Seth Rich video is down
MSM support of Pizzagate? From THE WEEK: "The Jeffrey Epstein case is why people believe in Pizzagate"
NY Post, 3/23/2000: "EPSTEIN is an enigmatic figure. Rumors abound — including wild ones about a career in the Mossad and, contrarily, the CIA."
Did Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Work For Mossad? Former CIA analyst Philip Giraldi. Says cameras and microphones recording guests at Epstein's facilities could be used to blackmail Epstein's high profile associates.
proof that jennifer lopez is stealing beats from a persian singer tohi
Jeffrey Epstein Claims He Introduced Donald Trump to Melania - Reports
How Blockchain Technology Can Prevent Non-Consensual Surveillance - BeInCrypto
Why it's impossible Clinton took even a single flight on "The Lolita Express" to Epstein's "Pedophile Island", much less 27.
/r/memes is completely comprised of fake accounts from a "like" farm in preparation to gather karma for bot accounts to sell to marketers...
Are you for Gender Equality? Is Total Gender Equality even possible? Well many men out there still believe women in the exact same promotion should not be paid as much as the men.
Property Manager of Epstein's island claims Clintons visited on Twitter!
what do you guys think about man-made global warming?
"we are in the game of using covert means against Iranians"
Hmm..
Whispers, suspicion about Epstein on Caribbean island
Conspiracy: Seth Rich existed
Whistleblower, Clint Curtis who was asked in 2000 to write a program for a touchscreen voting machine that would make it possible to change the results of an election undetected.
Little Saint James Island, secret phone line/code phrase! Get in here.
Democratic billionaire mega-donor Haim Saban: “We love all 23 candidates, No, minus one. I profoundly dislike Bernie Sanders, and you can write it.”
What do the arrests of Assange and Epstein mean? Or what’s the intention?
Felt this verse was relevant with all the recent events..
Felt this verse was relevant with the recent events..
Picture a pyramid. The higher you climb, the more you fear falling down. From the ground, you can see the structure as a whole. If you want to help half the people down, how do you do it? And anyone who speaks about the pyramid dies. You can make the numbers up.
Take a screenshot, save this post. I warned the intelligence community in the United States before flight 370 disappeared. One of many cover-ups by LE in the United States
A seirs of unfortunate events?
Demolition expert Danny Jwenko watches the controlled demolition of WTC 7. Here is his reaction. The expert opinion that got him killed.
Danny Jowenko on WTC 7 controlled demolition
I think I can now officialy say pizzagate is real.
This Smart Senator Finally Got Fed Up with Ocasio-Cortez, See how he Respond
Tuosu Lake, Delhi, Haixi, China
Steroids, Pharmaceutical industries and the Olympics.
Here's why people in r/conspiracy like Trump. It's because of his anti-globalist stance and the 2 executive orders that unleashed the justice department against pedophiles and child traffickers. It seems to many that Trump is actively engaged in taking down the cabal. Here's the case for Trump:
Remember this when Epstein goes to trial. Cross posting here is tricky as hell. Second try.
Elite abusing religious psychology within secular groups to limit discourse.
Epstein Island dome destroyed by hurricane in 2017
That coincidence.
Could #Carisjames be a reference for Caribbean Island Little St James? From James alefantis Instagram
George Webb claims Bill Gates has been flying (frequently) to Haiti, to conduct to conduct (illegal?) "viral studies".
Kodak Black cloned?
Remember this for Epstein’s trial.
(Opinion) The media slant on Epstein is unbearable
George Webb drops more bombs: Epstein was the personal pilot for Ehud Barrak. Ehud Barrak was the Prime Minister of Israel during and leading up to 9/11. And Ehud Barrak was priming Anthony Weiner to be first dual-citizen POTUS -- "through compromise".
The reason why Trump cannot release his taxes
"They had tendrils in the Taxi business, the city councils and even the Police Force itself" UK Policewoman who was part of the original investigation into Muslim child rape gangs in Rochdale breaks her silence.
Am I onto something?
Need help trying to find a conspiracy YouTube channel!
There is a porn genre dedicated to hypnosis regarding male feminization, submissive/submission and "brainwashing"
Opinions on David Wilcock, Emory Smith, Corey Goode?
Secret messages being passed through Wikipedia edits by members of the Bohemian Grove?
This is just weird. PiZZA Pi a food boat that bakes and delivers pizza around Epstein islands.
So I called Little St James rental listing, and this happened.
So I called Little St James rental listing, and tiff happened.
B Clinton and Jeff Epstein photo. This photo has been being removed from google. Don’t let them bury it. Epstein is on Clintons left
FLOTUS in media
Conspiracy theory about slain DNC staffer was planted by Russian intelligence, report finds
Very suspicious
Another Ethically Challenged NYTimes "Journo" Is Covering Bernie
Rise of the Terminators - Military Artificial Intelligence (AI) | Weapons that think for Themselves
FROM 2003: Jeffrey Epstein + Ghislaine Maxwell + his mansion give by Victoria Secret's Leslie Wexner + Mossad + Bill Clinton on plane + Mega Group (Charles Bronfman) + Clare Bronfman (pleaded in NXVIM)
Several corruption arrests happening in Puerto Rico. Former heads of the Education Dept. , Health Insurance Admin., and president of BDO arrested by the FBI and OIG-HHS.
George Webb is on fire these days: implores that both Epstein and Hillary Clinton were both puppets of Madeleine Albright. And ties Epstein to Victoria Secrets® - boom. It's 41 minutes of juicy.
Anti-5G campaigners raise funds for 'mother of all David and Goliath battles'
A picture is worth a thousand words
Prominent democrats trying to connect trump with pedophile/human trafficker Jeffrey-Epstein but they already have a long history with him and his money.
Democrats received a lit of fonations from known pedophile/human trafficker over the years.
An very interesting article on Epstein from 2002 in the NYMag. Reveals a lot of his connections - especially with Bill Clinton and many other powerful people and intellectuals. A must read regarding recent news.
His Name Was Isaac Kappy.
Hidden Tunnel Directly Under Temple on Epstein Island
Help me protect myself and others
Picture a pyramid. The higher you climb, the more you fear, and the harder it is to climb down. Everyone can see the top, even from the ground. Yet if you speak of the pyramid, you die.
Picture a pyramid. Standing at the bottom you can see the top, but the higher you climb the more fear kicks in. If you speak anything about the pyramid you die. What do you do?
The Mental Health Industry Is Everything Conspiracy Theorists Talk About Yet No One Is Talking About It
Picture a pyramid. The higher up you go, the worse your "fear" is. They show it to us. It's all out there for you to see. But if anyone speaks about it publicly, they die.
To gain a better understanding of the world &amp; US politics (MUST SEE FILMS)
California Edison powers down warning sirens surrounding San Onofre nuclear power plant in Southern California despite tons of nuclear waste stored at the coastal facility. 7.1 quake strikes region same week as announcement.
Anything new with the Julian Assange? Have heard much about it lately since the Jeff Epstein.
Feel like there's something hidden here but can't quite put my finger on it..
Military child trafficking victim finds his real family at age 40: Argentina (1976 coup sponsored by President Ford/CIA/Pentagon)
Keep playing
The closest thing to admission we will ever get from the CIA/MI6 about Epstein was a George H.W. Bush quote.
Missing threads in this forum since two days ago
Cartoonist disinvited from White House defends image widely labeled as anti-Semitic. If a criminal happens to be Jewish, it is now anti-Semitic to expose their criminality. The Mafia should have thought of this scam.
National Geographic promoting the transgender and the exploitation of children who do not rigidly fit into gender roles.
Ed Buck charged w sex trafficking. He’s a huge Democratic donor and multiple gay prostitutes were found dead in his house after he flew them out! Ed loves to take pics &amp; vids of these men in their inebriated states and is fascinated w how their bodies react to the overload of drugs he forces on them
Just a bit of experimentation on the general populace of a 'free' country. Nothing to see here...
This whole thread shows just how connected Epstein is. He has international reach with a number of high level politicians and intel agencies.
Allied Universal Is Government Funded Gang Stalkers
These Ancient Symbols Were Believed to Offer Protection From Harm
Reddit is MSNBC. Change my mind.
Showerthought: What if the reason TPTB sparked the culture war is because aliens put them on a timetable?
Does browsing this sub or being subscribed to it make you feel like we're all on a list?
Know More News w/ Titus Frost - Epstein, Dershowitz, &amp; Trump
What could, be the implications of someone like Epstein’s future estate and wealth after Trump signed the executive order seizing assets of human rights, violators?
Flat Earth hypothesis is ridiculously shortsighted and scientifically vacant. This video should set the record straight. P.S. rockets can fire and produce thrust in a vacuum. Guns can as well.
"New World Order" - 'Babylon USA' Official Full Film - Babylon USA Full ...
Anyone wanna bet NASA wont land on the moon for the "2nd time" on their 2024 "We are Going" planned date?
The BIG distraction
Just recently joined this sub and have seen several mentions of the society of Jesus and some hints of theories. Are there any recommended videos or articles that go deep into Jesuit conspiracy theories?
Why did Barry E. Krischer refuse to bring statutory rape charges against Epstein?
We got it into msm.
I am R, Q's predecessor AMA
Voting machines manufacturers claim ownership within the corporation is considered a 'trade secret'.
Know More News w/ Titus Frost - Epstein, Dershowitz, &amp; Trump
‘Reputation managers’ get to work scrubbing Clinton-Epstein connection from Wikipedia
My fear for Epstein’s future
Does Mainstream Media manipulate viewers with attractive or unattractive anchors?
Hillary and Huma looking Stressed with this latest Epstein scandal. /s
Andy Ngo EXCLUSIVE! in studio with Joe Rogan
During the polio epidemics in the 40s and 50s in the U.S., one doctor, Fred Klenner, MD, cured every one of the sixty polio patients he treated, some of them paralyzed, using massive injections of vitamin C. Astoundingly, after summarizing his work, no mention of it was ever made again.
Lel
Little Saint James in the US Virgin Islands, is Jeffrey Epstein's primary residence, and the location of most of his underage sex crimes. So why hasn't the FBI sent a team to investigate "Little St. Jeff", in addition to the raids on Epstein's New York apartment, and Florida residence?
Questionable Circumstances surround Actor Issac Kappy's death. He allegedly committed suicide by jumping off of a bridge. His last video/post is of small, scantily-clad children pouring water on an elegant altar.
Somebody needs to start archiving this entire sub before it gets shut down
r/videos censors submission with 23k upvotes about China using its social credit system and internet censorship to ruin the life of MMA fighter that fought and beat traditional martial arts masters
Attorney David Boies just told me that he now represents seven alleged survivors of Jeffrey Epstein's predation. He started out this week with three clients.
What's up with this Epstein/Trump push?
I invest in people -- be it politics or science. It's what I do. If you were a boxer at the downtown gymnasium at 14th Street and Mike Tyson walked in, your face would have the same look as these foreign leaders had when Clinton entered the room. He is the world's greatest politician.~ Jeff Epstein
Epstein is a smoke screen for something else. What do you think it's going to cover up?
Youtube suddenly wants my opinon
Theories on Epstein??
Late great Isaac Kappy with the bars exposing Epstein long ago
IRAN....tensions rising
Is Cernovich a jester?
American biologist was MURDERED: Police reveal the 59-year-old who was dumped inside a network of Nazi tunnels in Crete was suffocated, stabbed and had her EAR cut off
I was randomly suspended today after talking to my friends about Epstein and the Deep Fakes on Reddit
Jeffrey Epstein connections diagram (Crazy Days And Nights)
Just pointing the obvious to all Trump haters --- "SAYS A FORMER TRUMP ASSOCIATE TO NYT". It is not an established fact at all [lol...nice timing and how many former associates have said things about Trump to NYT,WaPo etc that turned out to be false starting with Omarosa]
Epstein portrait contains depiction of a child
People have "no clue" the amount of data Facebook and Google collect.
When will it be enough
Guy getting escorted out for holding up a sign of Trump with Ebstein.
Was andrew yangs mic turned off? Debunked
Tell me about the most irrefutable conspiracy you know.
Seriously? No other names could come to mind, Google?
Journalist Vicky Ward tried to publish details about Epstein in a 2003 article for Vanity Fair but was blocked by her Editor Graydon Carter. Here is Carter hugging Epstein’s girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell next to Harvey Weinstein. Weinstein/Epstein tried to buy NY Mag for $45 mil together.
If you ever watched the Hagmann Report, Joe Hagmann has died of a heroin overdose
The Epstein Diagram
the man who is responsible for einstein's 16 hour work days while in jail
Acosta's office had drafted a 53-page indictment against Epstein, which Acosta torched after a single meeting between himself and Epstein's lawyers
Just a reminder, the Clinton - Epstein connection was made and talked about back in 2016.
I'm Sorry.
anon:" Is that mostly right?"
California earthquakes media coverage almost zero now
Conspiracy theory tying in Epstein, Black little mermaid, Deep fakes.
Suspicions of a misinformation campaign leading into the 2004 Presidential election
I feel like I'm going crazy. I remember when the DNC e-mails were leaked alot of people were talking about Clinton, Epstein and Lolita express. Here are the old 4chan archive's discussing this back in 2016.
We need to have a talk. I'm not trying to start anything controversial, but there is a looming question that no one seems to be asking.
Foreign gangsters pay for play with US gov?
You can't leave a rating on Jeffrey Epstein's private island.
In a 2003 magazine Donald Trump and Bill Clinton's aide went to Epstein house.
Girls vs Women in the Epstein Case
Walter Browart. MKUltra declassified.DC Lawn and Extermination Service. Prince Pest Control Test Subjects,
Conspiracy theory about slain DNC staffer was planted by Russian intelligence, report finds
Trump labor secretary who cut Epstein deal plans to slash funds for sex trafficking victims
@will_spiracies on Instagram
The Church And Its Influence Corrupting Society - Jeffrey Epstein is just the tip of the iceberg! The Pedophilia in the Catholic Church and other Secret Societies has been going on for a very long time, and it is a part of a domination &amp; control operation to suppress truth about what's really goinon
Some 20 scientists on Reagan's 'Star Wars' program were dead by 1988.
According to a story published by the Palm Beach Post in 1995, then-President Clinton attended a “3/hr dinner” with a “very select group of people” at the home of Ron Perelman. The diverse group included Epstein &amp; according to one Dem Party source, gave as much as $100,000 to dine with the president
Remember when a troubled woman with a history of drug use who claimed that she was assaulted by Donald Trump at a Jeffrey Epstein sex party at age 13 dropped the case and then said she made it all up? I guess no one on this site does.
Epstein-Acosta-Trump-Clinton. Can anyone help me parse this out?
UN declares All-out War on free speech Worldwide with new ""Hate Speech"" addendum to its migration pact, aims to make criticism of migration, Islam or foreign people illegal internationally. Critical Mass Cultural Marxism.
Mueller Repeatedly Contradicts Himself &amp; Undermines Russiagate
Google is censoring my girlfriend by taking away her Local Guide badge
Discord server for discussions regarding the ressonance, gcp, solar activity and more!
New study concludes that psychiatric diagnoses are "scientifically meaningless"
Former State Attorney Barry Krischer says Acosta brokered the Epstein sweetheart deal, not the state of Florida.
Judge rules lawsuit accusing Google of bias against conservatives can proceed
The Former State Attorney Barry Krischer says Acosta is a liar.
Get over it. It's different rules for the rich. And the CIA represents them.
"Pedophillia" propaganda was made to eventually enslave people's sexuality.
Stanley Kubrick died six days after screening a final cut of "Eyes Wide Shut", a movie about a man infiltrating a massive masked orgy of an unnamed secret society and having to keep it a secret to stay alive.
Voting Machine Makers Claim The Names Of The Entities That Own Them Are Trade Secrets
Apparently you can book a stay on Jeffrey Epstein's private island. "CHILDREN ARE MOST CERTAINLY WELCOME....."
MMA fighter on a mission to expose 'fake' kung fu also exposes how social media Chinese will shut you down if you disrespect their culture.
An MD's reply to a Big Pharma Smear
So this happened in the skies above my state today...and "they don't know" where it came from.
A US judge has ordered Mueller to cease and desist making “unsupported claim” the Russian troll farm entities he indicted were directed by the Kremlin as part of a social media influence ops to interfere in the 2016 election
Acosta dodges when asked if Epstein was an 'intelligence asset'
watch Angry Candece Owens CALMLY DISMANTLES Ocasio- Cortez behond Recognition
Epstein/Clinton pics
I think we might now know the answer to this question that was proposed 6 days ago
Project Veritas explaining how Google is going after Breitbart.
Acosta is actually innocent and probably another victim of Epstein.
They always watchin
Presented without title.
US Women’s Soccer Captain Sends Message To Trump: “Your Message Is Excluding People”
Drone footage of Epstein’s Island before fires and demolition work in 2018
California governor Gavin Newsom is the Devil in human form. He s charming as Ted Bundy and unless Dan Crenshaw runs in 2024. He will win in a landslide. He s young white got that crooked white smile. Governor of California he can say. I know evil when I see It. He just made it legal for All illegal
If you go to r/politics, most of the topics are about Trump /Epstein. The Democrats are Trying HARD to take down Trump by using Epstein to blackmail Trump. However, Trump CANNOT be blackmailed because he just says it is all FAKE NEWS, and his Base will NEVER abandon him: Trump has a very LOYAL Base.
The ones who walk away from Omelas
The banning of the Donald is pure censorship of the left wing media and the communists who hate free speech
T.West Sbalakau
Politics and Epstein
Vinnie Paz - End of Days (feat. Block McCloud) [Official Music Video]
Michael Avenatti/Anthony Weiner
Jeffrey Epstein’s Wikipedia Page Stealth-Edited To Remove Ties To Democrats - Before and After screenshots
Any Google employees getting red-pilled today?
200k people sign up to raid Area 51..
It's not just the right anymore. YouTube is now going after left wing and progressive channels. They tweaked their algorithm to steal views from independent channels and gave those views to mainstream media channels. David Pakman Show- "YouTube Is Now Corporate Media"
The story of Seth Rich and fake news propaganda.
We are opposed to child trafficking. If the Epstein investigation (or future investigations) cause people on our side or their side to get arrested, we are fine with that. There is nothing really more definitively evil than this. We want all involved to be arrested and prosecuted.
Just a quick question anybody can answer.
Ever wonder why Jeffrey Epstein named all his stuff after "Zorro"?
The True Information About Control - the truth about the Pedophilia, the insanity and the never-ending wars is a lot scarier than you can imagine! If you want to know the truth about what is happening on this planet, the crashing IQs - the obesity, the insane mainstream media, the never-ending wars!
New shopping mobile app and website in Syria
Study finds psychiatric diagnosis to be ‘scientifically meaningless’ -
Letting Jeffrey Epstein off the hook involved more than Alex Acosta. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales had to sign off on it and over at the FBI, Director Mueller and his #2 James Comey agreed to stop the FBI investigation and drop it. Schumer forgot to mention that.
5 (More) Reasons "Climate Change" is Bullshit
Alex Jones Warned About Jeffrey Epstein Over A Decade Ago
PLANET X/NIBIRU | WW3 | EPSTEIN | SIGNS OF THE TIMES
Epstein summary
Facebook is wack
Skull fragment found in Greece 210,000 years old
Read this today found it interesting (the article is 6 years old though)
Don’t forget
Anti-Wikileaks Smear Campaign Verified: Former DOJ lawyer “retracts and withdraws” rape allegations against PR rep for Wikileaks, Assange, and Manning
Zionist Jewish leaders meet regularly with members of the US Senate to instruct them in how to act as agents of the Zionist Israeli Government. In particular US legislators are instructed in how to contain and reverse Legislative sentiments which might favoring Palestinians.
What good reason could there possibly be for nearly all of California's nuclear power plants to be built in close proximity or even directly on the San Andreas fault line?
/r/TopMindsOfReddit moderator tells people to report fascist propaganda, then posts fascist propaganda
Can Snopes be trusted as a source of information? I don't know why someone would give a dead baby a juice box ...
What good explanation could there be for nearly all of California's nuclear power plants built in close proximity to the San Andreas fault line, with one almost directly on the fault?
Today I found out that Danny Jowenko, demolition expert who brought truth about the demolition of WTC 7 got suicided.
Jeffrey Epstein: The Groomers, The Cover-Up, The Island &amp;amp; The Victims - Adam Green
Say what you like about Alex Jones, he was talking about all these pedophile elites years ago
What Pisses Me Off About the Jeffrey Epstein Case!
Wanna know how to make over 400$ a day?
In light of the recent PEDO takedowns and the high profile arrests that will soon take place, this song from the late Great Johnny Cash feels good to listen to. (the cameos in the video are bone chilling in light of what we now know)
Why is no one asking Obama why he allowed Weinstein and now Epstein to escape justice during his administration?
Cameron Boyce
I don't think Trump raped a 13 year old, and here is why...
When he exposed CIA, this incident was overshadowed by Clinton- Lewinsky scandal. The movie 'Kill the messenger' is about Gary Webb, his character is portrayed by Jeremy Renner. Respect for this man.
White House suppresses climate change data; analyst resigns in response
Ever notice the number of shills on r/politics who seem to be on a mission to control narratives, derail topics that go against their partisan agenda, and seem to be doing this as if it is a full-time job?
Amazon Employees Need Food Stamps To Live
Jeffrey Epstein needs to be a non-partisan issue!
Cnn vs. Fox
X post
Do you see some potential of a FF tomorrow?
All of the "pedophile" garbage is the same paid for propaganda that infiltrates other subreddits.
Epstein Coincidences
The Guardian publishes, then censors Jewish open letter defending smeared pro-Corbyn Labour MP Chris Williamson
A tweet by Bill Maher from 2015
Nope, earthquakes in California won’t trigger eruptions at Yellowstone (and other debunked earthquake myths)
Watch the Epstein narrative being played before your very eyes.
2011 Vanity Fair Article Exposes Epstein as a straw man
Distraction time.
Theory about how Jeffrey Epstein got so much money
Who is qanon? A guide
Anyone else find it interesting we have major media summits with specific players happening in the U.K and U.S
Jeffrey Epstein Private Island - Little St. James, U.S.V.I.
I met a guy the other day. Normal dude. We start talking about stuff, conversation turns to UFOs, false flags, the brainwashing of the public, etc. I met a guy the other day. I met a *friend the other day.
Do You Hear That? The Deafening Silence of the #MeToo Hollywood Crowd -- Virtually No Mention of Epstein. That's how you know #MeToo was a limited hangout and that Epstein is a real prize.
Bernie Launches New Anti-Endorsement Page
The Mueller Investigation Failed to Provide Evidence That the DNC Was Actually Hacked
Submission Statement written by OP: Being Targeted is a real thing in America! Gangstalking and Global Surveillance is a reality since 911. Most Americans turn a Blind Eye &amp; Def Ear to this reality. This video EXPOSES the use of "Honey Pots" in society to Entrap men.
Epstein possibly intelligence?
"Splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it to the wind"
Chapter 14 The Jeffrey Epstein Scandal: Anatomy of the Zionist-Illuminati Sexual Blackmail System
Brushy Bill Roberts - The man who claimed to be Billy the Kid
Can You Hear It? Sonic Devices Play High-Pitched Noises To Repel Teens
Trump and Jeffrey Epstein were the only two guests at a party with 28 women flown in for the ‘entertainment’: NYT report
Sorry if this has been discussed, but WHAT was up with that guy who lit himself on fire in DC?
Epstein is already being scrubbed and handled.
US Government About To Collapse ?
YouTube Top News
Russian Nuclear Sub Crew Stopped ‘Planetary Catastrophe’: Officer
Vanity Fair says President Knew about Slick Willy and Jeffrey Epstein back in 2015 !
Twitter
Is Vanity Fair saying Trump blackmailed Clinton?
Alex Acosta was told to "back off" original prosecution because Jeffrey Epstein was working for an intelligence agency
Considering the mounting evidence about deep-rooted corruption in politics- who will you be voting for in 2020?
Darn hippies
Seth Rich was killed 3 years ago
Facebook updates policy, now explicitly allows death threats against conservatives and other 'dangerous individuals'.
What if the logic behind rapidly rolling out 5G is that they want to kill us off and use natural selection to make us more resistant to radiation? All the while, they benefit from our excessive medical bills once we have a huge epidemic on our hands.
What else is going on?
Can someone point me in the direction of the 9/11 conspiracy? Haven’t gone down the rabbit hole and I’d like to
Vanity Fair: Trump Knew Jeffrey Epstein Had Incriminating Photos of Bill Clinton
Sounds like Alan Dershowitz might have skeletons in his closet.....
Wikipedia removes several references to Bill Clinton and any mention of Epstein's Jewish ancestry before locking the page.
Data breach fines in the UK
So if Epstein did this in Italy where the Age of Consent is 14 he would be fine but in America where it's 18 he's an evil criminal? lol you guys are so butt hurt about a guy getting prime pussy it's ridiculous. You guys act like old ladies
Wonder ((((who)))) did this...
Download Whitepaper (PDF): 5 Ways to Safeguard Digital Privacy
Crop Circles Being Made
Billionaire Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Sent Bill Clinton $3.5 Million From Secret Swiss Bank Account - Radar Online
So if Epstein did this in Italy where the Age of Consent is 14 he would be fine but in America where it's 18 he's an evil criminal? lol you guys are so butt hurt about a guy getting prime pussy
Reoccurring High Pitch Noise Plagues Brooklyn
Alex Acosta Reportedly Claimed Jeffrey Epstein "Belonged To Intelligence" (Told to Back off).
5G Radiation Dangers - The Definitive Guide
Reddit is desperately trying to tie Trump to pedophilia. Trump may have liked women, but he did not participate in the degeneracy of the elites. He signed 2 executive orders to take down the entire multinational child trafficking networks and take their property. Don't be fooled by TDS REdditards.
George Nader, Witness in Mueller Probe, Denied Release on Child-Porn Charges. He tried to take down Trump via Russiagate but sits in jail for being a subversive little pedophile creep.
The Russian Orthodox Church says they might not bless weapons of mass destruction anymore. Most religions on the earth are in bed with the politicians. They have been whispering in the ears of Kings for way to long. Both are full of greed and blood,there time is short.
Abdallah, 15, dreamed of praying at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. He was shot dead on his way
Courtney Love is an odd name in Epstein’s black book connected to a Dana. Which is likely Dana Giacchetto who Love knows. Giacchetto was an investor in Digital Entertainment Network which the film An OpenSecret is about w/ David Geffen who worked w/ Cobain/Love.
Key Muller witness Nader, whom tried to take down Trump, to be held in jail awaiting his new trial for trafficking underage sex images, a charge he was found guilty of in 1991
Was the CIA (@ Gina haspel) the reason Jeffery Epstein is untouchable?
Fusion GPS Tried And Failed To Link Trump To Jeffrey Epstein
Anyone remember that Senate Arms Services committee hearing on artificial intelligence a few months ago? What ever came of it? The media seemed pretty quiet about it.
Ex-Bush Aide Has Chilling Theory For GOP Silence On Acosta’s Deal With Epstein
Can anyone help me find a documentary?
When he exposed CIA, this incident was overshadowed by Clinton- Lewinsky scandal. The movie 'Kill the messenger' is about Gary Webb, his character is portrayed by Jeremy Renner. Respect for this man.
Fuck Trump, and fuck the Clintons.
Is it possible that the Epstein thing is a distraction to avoid getting the full Muller report? I was just wondering?
Migrant kids in overcrowded Arizona border station allege sex assault, retaliation from U.S. agents
US v. Jeffrey Epstein Indictment
Thousands planning to storm Area 51 on September 20, 2019.
How the Koch brothers and other billionaires fund the libertarian anti regulation movement
French MPs pass landmark bill to fight online hate speech.
Something going through about Seth Rich...take it for what you will.
The four main tenets of Satanism reveals why a sizeable percentage of the population are satanists without realizing it.
The conspiracy to create the Seth Rich conspiracy
Angela Merkel has the Shakes... AGAIN
Auto Mod is not a bot. I think this confirms it
Stanley New Mexico
The Jeffrey Epstein Rabbit Hole Goes a Lot Deeper Than You Think
samuel hofman showing is how to identify the passing planets of the nemesis/wormwood binary solar system. the planets repel each other and have identifiable base clouds. wake up people pole shift is coming.
Epstein's arrest is a limited hangout. The details we were fed on Epstein before his arrest were part of a limited hangout.
New Pizzagate Evidence? PizzaPiVI is a company based on Greater St James (less than a mile from Little St James) that advertises pizza events occurring on Little St James Island.
I Used Google Ads for Social Engineering. It Worked.
Amazon and Microsoft battle for $10bn 'war cloud' contract with Pentagon
That Seth Rich was wacked because he stole the DNC emails and transferred them to Wikileaks is a conspiracy theory. It is possible and even plausible, but there is no evidence to confirm it.
Facebook's new policy says that "Calls for high severity-violence" are fine as long as those targeted are "an individual or organization covered in the Dangerous Individuals and Organisations Policy."
Is this why Alex Jones was deplatformed?
Hs anyone seen the creepy uncle joe video?? It’s gone
Trippy realization
Chicago Cardinal Bernardin was a literal Satanist
Give them an inch, they'll cage you for a while
Google is actively trying to hide the StackOverflow and other StackExchange sites from your search results
Symbols and Ghislaine Maxwell
Anyone know what this is it’s across the street from me and I live about 1/2 a mile from a police station
That moment when Bill Maher defended pedophilia...
Could US Attorneys Office for Southern District of New York be QAnon leaking their Epstein case?Wikipedia says QAnon is the user accusing numerous liberal Hollywood actors, politicians, and high-ranking officials of engaging in an international child sex trafficking ring.
Who told Acosta to stand down in regards to prosecuting Epstein?
Condé Nast implicated in Epstein scandal coverup. CN owns Ars Technica, WIRED, GQ, Glamour, Vogue, Teen Vogue &amp; other major publications
Alex Acosta Reportedly Claimed Jeffrey Epstein "Belonged To Intelligence"
Mod blatantly promoting racism - Can't report posts.
Twitter Bans Criticism of Religion as "Hateful"
Shocking images from inside Florida mansion of Bill Clinton's friend Jeffrey Epstein: Fully-equipped dentist chair, close-ups of young girls' backsides and a teddy by his bed: Creepy images and video from inside the mansion of Clinton and Prince Andrew friend, pedophile Jeffrey Epstein
When he exposed CIA, this incident was overshadowed by Clinton- Lewinsky scandal. The movie 'Kill the messenger' is about Gary Webb, his character is portrayed by Jeremy Renner. Respect for this man.
When he exposed CIA, this incident was overshadowed by Clinton- Lewinsky scandal. The movie 'Kill the messenger' is about Gary Webb, his character is portrayed by Jeremy Renner. Respect for this man.
Was Sol Pais the victim of an MKULTRA-type experiment? Her journal entries in the lead-up to her bizarre death indicate that her mind-state was pretty fucked up.
New Jeffrey Epstein accuser: He raped me when I was 15
Was Sol Pais the victim of an MKULTRA-type experiment? Her journal entries in the lead-up to her bizarre death indicate that her mind-state was pretty fucked up.
SJWism is fake news
They appear to be normal innocent snaps, the type that every family shows off proudly, vacation photos and portraits as well as pictures of Epstein shaking hands with world leaders —from Fidel Castro to Pope John Paul II.
The most obvious smear campaign is taking place on this subreddit right now. With the t_d banned, shills have been spreading false information constantly. Here are some facts about Epstein and Trump given that a blatant shill post is on the hot page of Conspiracy right now.
Dump of Child Sexual Abuse Cases
I wonder how many kids have gone missing from this hostel in Cancun?
Confused about all the pedophilia talk
Qanon predicts MSM news cycle with Flynn returning to headlines a full day beforehand
Why does a group expressing the desire to exterminate all white people not violate the Communitry Standards for displaying hate speech on Facebook?
r/PoliticalHumor is a leftwing sub ran by Stalinist control freaks
Grey is Non-Existent
Can someone fill me in on Epstein + Alefantis?
"Anti-Leftist/Anti-Corporate/Anti-Immigrant/Anti-Globalist attitude or opinion detected. Exterminate and Obscure. Reduce idea-spread. Anti-Evil operations complete."
"Billionaire Tom Steyer made his fortune financing coal plants. As a nat gas/renewables investor, he spent $18M in 2018 trying to kill US’s largest source of clean energy, Palo Verde nuclear, and replace it with gas &amp; solar. He’s now running for president — as a Climate Activist"
With Michael Isikoff now writing about the Seth Rich case, a reminder that Isikoff was a central player in two of America’s biggest disinformation campaigns – WMDs and Russiagate.
Interesting How Many Rothchilds Are Listed In This Little Black Book
Interesting how many Rothchilds are in this little book
Just going to leave this here...
"Billionaire Tom Steyer made his fortune financing coal plants. As a nat gas/renewables investor, he spent $18M in 2018 trying to kill US’s largest source of clean energy, Palo Verde nuclear, and replace it with gas &amp; solar. He’s now running for president — as a Climate Activist"
Anyone notice anything different about the world around them?
NXIVX &amp; Hearst - The Other Wealthy Family Nobody is Talking About
"Epstein is an enigmatic figure. Rumors abound — including wild ones about a career in the Mossad" -3/23/2000 NY Post article profiling Epstein's billionaire child procuror
My theory: Internet companies record times when your wifi usage is low, so they can decrease the strength of the wifi at those times
Conspiracyland: The true origins of the Seth Rich conspiracy theory.
Alex Acosta Reportedly Claimed Jeffrey Epstein ‘Belonged to Intelligence’
Jeffrey Epstein, Trump, Clintons, Mossad ...
Looking for a post on privacy
Anti-Trump posts banned on r/conspiracy
Names in Epstein's black book: David Blane, David Blair, Mike Bloomberg, Adam Dell, Eli Wiesel, Duke of York, Steve Forbes, Katie Ford, Kennedys, David Koch, Rupert Murdoch, Picasso family, Prince Charles, Jane Rosenthal, 4 Rothschilds, Jeffrey Sachs, Saudi Prince Solman, Maria Shriver, Kevin Spacey
Shills pushing the Trump/Epstein connection
Pedo Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein was funding Science Research and education
Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East... for Jewish people only.
Is US really broke, or Just American People who are Broke?
Justin Verlander Says MLB Is Juicing Baseballs To Goose Up Offense
Mindless sheep following along........
Being woke means theres no turning back
Trump hosted an exclusive party with Jeffrey Epstein at his Mar-a-Lago estate, a new report claims. It was just the 2 of them and '28 girls'
Saw this on my home page and thought it belonged here. What do you think they were doing?
Archived Jeffrey Epstein bio page from Edge.org -- a trove of links for your researching pleasure.
Interesting how many Rothchilds are in this little book
Was Ross Perot's 1992 campaign the victim of dirty tricks by the Bush family? Charlie Rose show goes over allegations in 1992 the day after the 60 minutes piece.
Trump hosted an exclusive party with Jeffrey Epstein at his Mar-a-Lago estate, a new report claims. It was just the 2 of them and '28 girls'
I wonder how many teens have gone missing from this Cancun hostel?
Names in Epstein's black book: David Blane, David Blair, Mike Bloomberg, Adam Dell, Eli Wiesel, Duke of York, Steve Forbes, Katie Ford, Kennedys, David Koch, Rupert Murdoch, Picasso family, Prince Charles, Jane Rosenthal, 4 Rothschilds, Jeffrey Sachs, Saudi Prince Solman, Maria Shriver, Kevin Spacey
Evelyn Rothschild and Edouard Rothschild named in Jeffery Epstein's black book
‘Reputation managers’ get to work scrubbing Clinton-Epstein connection from Wikipedia
"Esports and #MeToo" screed claims that gender gap in esports is due to a grand patriarchal conspiracy
Acosta on shaky ground as GOP support wavers
Google tested way to change beliefs through Google Ads, you can do it yourself now!
The Simpsons' writers have been pretty apt with their predictions over the years. Time travelling is one possible explanation to this prodigy.
US Labor Secretary Acosta Wants to Slash Funding to Antisex Trafficking Agency by 80%
Cali earthquake activity
Alan Watts unknowingly explaining why a shadow government is almost necessary due to the way our government is.
There's yet another very real, ongoing "like a second Holocaust" taking place right now, and there are 6,000,000 victims of it, too, says Israeli Education Minister Rafi Peretz. Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahi shares Peretz’s alarm. Buckle up, everyone.
Hear what the billionaire presidential candidate Ross Perot said in the 1992 presidential election that got him crucified by the ad paid for 'news' and their pundits. You will never hear a billionaire in 2019 say this again:
Hillary Clinton torture video
What is it with The Simpsons making apt prediction always ?
Where Did Jeffrey Epstein’s Money Come from?
The British Banking Dynasty That’s Even Older Than the Rothschilds
HRC snuff film
the real reason behind the kinnedy assassination
Exclusive: The origins of the Seth Rich conspiracy theory. A Fake News investigation.
What to do in this particular worst case scenario
The Jeff Epstein Temple OREO Templar connection?
Google photos of Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton, previously available on Google Images, appear to have been scrubbed.
Jeffrey Epstein shipped himself a 53-pound shredder and a carpet and tile extractor, maritime records show. I wonder what in the world he had to hide...?
Does anyone know what this/where its from? (Pleass read the description of the video)
Let me introduce you to Israel Epstein, one of many infamous "Mao Jews". You will understand the link with Jeffrey Epstein at the bottom of this OP.
9/11 Eyewitness Testimony - Secondary Explosions
Some online force is trying hard to ensure that netizens don't cross international boundaries but keep interacting only in their own region or country
NEW WORLD ORDER PLEDGED TO JEWS -1940 NY Times
So I’m sure you guys are well aware of the Mandela effect what if the changes we are noticing today is time travel mistakes ?
that time the us government intentionally released a radioactive plume into the atmosphere to study its effects on the surrounding population
Black an White Something on Epstein's Island
The state of Washington Post "fact checking"
Did someone just try to hack Paypal accounts? One other person who I do not know said she also had gotten this message. Anyone else?
What conspiracy theory do you believe in the MOST?
Eyes Wide Shut and Jeffery Epstein - Connections to be Made?
Electric Bikes &amp; Cars
Epstein Involved In Crimes Against Humanity
The Shrek Franchise Possibly Based on the Story of Jesus Christ
Weather modification is getting out of hand. There are weather modification ships creating big, fat lines of clouds leading to extreme weather events and high humidity
Why are Muslims being granted special privileges that overlook the rule of law in Western countries?
‘Reputation managers’ get to work scrubbing Clinton-Epstein connection from Wikipedia
Libya 8 years into US administered "Democracy" and "Freedom". The blood drinkers are coming for Iran next....
Following Germany's defeat in World War II, the Allied authorities, in 1948, ordered Deutsche Bank's break-up into 10 regional banks. These 10 regional banks were later consolidated into 3 major banks in 1952. In 1957, these 3 banks merged to form Deutsche Bank AG with its headquarters in Frankfurt.
Trump reacts to a protester holding up a picture of him with Jeffrey Epstein
"It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it - Jeffrey enjoys his social life.”. Trump on Epstein 2002.
Sworn deposition by a 13 year old. Trump &amp; Epstein (NSFW)
Americans are being divided and played by people who despise humanity in general.
‪Inside China's 'thought transformation' camps - BBC News ‬
Product Scams
One of two photos available on Google Maps of Little Saint James. This part of Epstein's island is now a tennis court. Could someone explain what I'm looking at?
This screenshot from the Spider-verse movie is a ad on top of a taxi titled "Babylon Blood" ? Really strange book title for a kid's movie
Where did everything start?
Serious WTF.. had to share
Not really a conspiracy, but a friendly reminder of the Communist Mindset I just got re-acquainted with here on Reddit
Brexit?
A tv show concept breaking down how Occult symbolism is hidden everywhere in today's popular culture.
I tried to make an infographic for complete "normies" so they know that it'd be more strange for there to be NO pedophile/human trafficking network among the elite.
Pizzagate isn’t a conspiracy anymore
Bill Mahar: ...Hey Epstien, gas up the plane, let's go to Sex Island! I want to be balls deep in Russian whore soon!
Remember, Ross Perot financed CIA activities.
A little *too* similar
Operation Brownstone/Brownstar and child sex slavery in D.C. This is going so be an info dump, and a request for help.
Could US Attorneys Office for Southern District of New York be QAnon? Per Wikipedia: QAnon is user falsely accusing numerous liberal Hollywood actors, politicians, and high-ranking officials of engaging in an international child sex trafficking ring. Sounds like SDNY and their Epstein case.
But but but Tulsi is CFR
👀
Are you aware that Air Conditioning is sexist??? No, I'm not joking.
What's the deal with Area 51 and Groom Lake?
Is there a way to simulate and/or calculate evolution to possibly discover what alien life may or may not look like?
I feel that if you are in touch with magic, look at msi. No as statement needed.
I love you all. Don’t shoot the messenger! Drain the swamp!
Deep State Pedophile Rings In Full Collapse! Plus Carpe Donktum, Tommy Robinson And More!
It is likely that something of great magnitude is occurring - for which the Epstein situation is being used to distract from and act as a smokescreen for, with success.
“Clinton took “a total of four trips” on Epstein’s plane, with Secret Service agents accompanying the former president each time.”
Ruled “suicide” even though police initially thought there was foul play. Press F for brave man who was suicided in Wasserman-Schultz district after getting too close to the truth
The disturbing Temple on Epstein's child rape island. Note the statues on the roof that have since been moved elsewhere.
On the left we have the Mueller report Vol 2 page 128 quoting Trump with a line redacted(HOM). If you read Trump's tweet though on the right you are able to see that this quote is un-redacted on the news report. I was able to un-redact a line of the Muller report. Let's uncover more.
Hello all
Any documentary similar to "Everything is a rich man's trick" to watch?
Great video relevant to the Epstein case.
Fake nonsense is skyrocketing to the front page over these last few days and absolutely nobody is taking 2 seconds to double check anything anymore these days. That’s not critical thinking. That’s being an NPC.
Are there any examples or rumors of Reddit being used by corporations to sway public opinion?
Facebook policy permits death threats against ‘dangerous individuals’
It is likely that something of great magnitude is occurring - for which the Epstein situation is being used to distract from and act as a smokescreen for, with success.
Uhhhhh guys?!
This is not a coincidence Epstein is MI6, not Mossad
Not sure this actually gives me confidence in this vaccine.
Why is there almost zero mention of Epstein's private island in the media?
Greer was/is Rockefeller funded?
:..:
Seth Rich indirectly murdered by the Clinton’s... Rich had conclusive evidence on election fraud; was killed at the hospital after being shot in the street.
Maybe this is best suited for here
Who is Ghislaine Maxwell and why does she barely get mentioned with Jeff Epstein?
Epstein ranch in the middle of the new Mexico desert.
"I feel very badly about that whole situation. But we’re going to be looking at that, and looking at it very closely" Trump re Epstein
Epstein's home has body parts as decoration. Pizzagate, anyone?
Google censoring all non-5 star reviews for Jeffery Epstein's 1.3 Star very below average Sex Island on Google Maps/Google Places and does not allow you to view comments or records of the ~60x 1 star reviews
"Surveillance Video Shows Group Of About 60 Teens Vandalizing, Looting Walgreens On South Street" What's causing the breakdown in society to where as a kid, I can find 59 other kids willing to do something like this? Are humans losing their conscience?
Recent plane stories connected to Epstein?
Liberal students who have White privilege lessons have decreased empathy levels towards low income and disadvantaged Whites, while attitudes towards black or other minorites have no change. This is literally a Race War ideology that is normalising the elimination of White genes, society and culture.
Did the writers of Law and order know about Epstein ?
Scrubbed May 16, 1977 Chicago Tribune article: "Chicago is center of national child porno ring"
Just Made A Conspiracy Themed Rap Song What do you think brothers?
United 93
Let's Examine the 10 Aspects of a Cult and See How It Applies to Climate Change
The Epstein evidence is too convenient, it's controlled.
Investigative journalist exposes the truth about Clinton and Epstein
A psychopathic, pedophile, Satanist sex cult runs the world and uses blackmail as the glue to keep things together
Buried 1970s TVOntario scientific mining series (my father was Vice President), states crater sized uranium deposits (radioactive) were discovered on the dark side of the moon (likely causing the lunar missions to go dark). Leap ahead to 8:28 for a brief intro &amp; the tv footage. Pls upvote &amp; share!
Astros All-Star Pitcher Justin Verlander Goes Off On MLB Over ‘Juiced Baseballs Turning Game Into A Joke’ –
Aliens
Not a conspiracy theorist per se, but it made me wonder
Jeffrey Epstein Shipped Himself a 53-Pound Shredder and a Carpet and Tile Extractor, Maritime Records Show
Banned From Medium: Is Seth Rich A Whistleblower?
Strange Text messages from number
Epstein where did he really get all his money. Not trading or financial management. Financially invisible.
Can we get a definitive answer on Trump riding Epstein’s Lolita Express?
Jeffrey Epstein video to prepare for a possibility.
Epstein..... Why now? Who is the real target of this investigation?
Ann Coulter Thinks Epstein Had A "State Sponsor" &amp; Was Running A "Blackmailing" Operation
Anyone think this sub is going to be quarantined or banned in the next few weeks?
My theory: Epstein knew this was coming, and the "evidence" they're finding was carefully selected by whoever is running this show
2 Live Crew's Luther Campbell left a Trump party because of drugs, sex and underage women
Sol Pais: An Updated Website?
They want you to know (comment thread from 6 years ago)
Giant star of david located at epicenter of latest California earthquakes 7/4, 7/5
Bill Maher tweet from 2015. Let's talk.
Navy pilot recalls 'out of this world' encounter
Victim Says He Was Raped as a Young Boy on a Yacht by Bill Clinton; Tonight He Tells His Story – True Pundit
JP Morgan slangin rocks
Organic food: More healthy for you, or just another marketing gimmick?
Massive Disclosures in Sci-Fi T.V. Show ‘Babylon 5’
Giant Star of David at the epicenter of the latest California earthquake
They collected all the evidence from Epstein knowing they can pick and choose what gets released and what will never see the light of day.
Aircraft N-number N474AW was shared by Jeffrey Epstein, the Pentagon/DynCorp, the State Department &amp; the CIA.
The Illuminati: Professor Adam Weishaupt And The Bavarian Illuminati By Manly P. Hall 3/5
Daily Beast mocks Mossad involvement with Epstein, despite Ghislaine Maxwell
Epstein collected Videos and Pictures of Politicans that raped Children in a Safe?!
Facebook's new policy allows a person to make death threats against "dangerous individuals"
It may seem like the good guys are gaining ground, but their masters are just shoring up the illusion of legitimacy. Watch what the other hand is doing.
Just a reminder that the Bush Administration renewed multibillion dollar contracts with Dyncorp International even after they had been found out as human traffickers.
Sarajevo killing tourism (balkan war, 1990s)
It’s interesting that right after the earthquake at China lake VP pence decides to visit
Large-scale emergency services training in Antioch
Jeffrey Epstein's Wikipedia Page Stealth-Edited To Remove Ties To Democrats | Zero Hedge
Google is evil. This is not “fairness”.
Acosta told the Trump transition team that he was forced to back off of the Epstein case because of Epstein's ties to intelligence agencies.
Google search for "White Couples" leads to Interracial results. (Possible coincidence due to people having little reason to search for information about white couples.)
John Norman and the Delta Project: A Cover-up of a Giant Child Trafficking Network and the Accomplice(s) of John Wayne Gacy
John Norman &amp; The Delta Project: A Cover-up of a Giant Trafficking Network and the Accomplice(s) of John Wayne Gacy
what is #carisjames
Townhouse next to Epstein’s mansion is owned by Comet Trust and they own interest in the mansion itself.
I wonder. Did Jeffrey Epstein abuse any Jewish girls?
Scrubbed May 16, 1977 Chicago Tribune article: "Chicago is center of national child porno ring"
What happened in the Joe rogan podcast with weinstein?
Shooting/Bombing incoming
Trump said that Pecker had told him that the pictures of Bill Clinton that Epstein had from his island were worse
While everyone is focused on Epstein....In Major Provocation To China, The US Just Approved the Sale Of $2.2 Billion In Weapons To Taiwan
Buried TVOntario scientific mining series (my dad was Vice President) buried from the 1970s states crater sized (radioactive) uranium deposits were discovered on the dark side of the moon (likely causing the missions to go dark). Jumpy to 8:28 for brief intro and the TV footage. Pls share!
Hillsong Conspiracy? Satanist cult ? Sex trafficking?
Web Crawlers Podcast
Law Professor Says Pedophiles Are Not Criminals And Face Discrimination
It seems to me that Democrats and Liberals are ready to throw out the Clintons.
Donald Barr, the father of Attorney General Bill Barr, hired Epstein as a teacher in the 70's when he was headmaster of the famous Dalton School. Students included Anderson Cooper, Chevy Chase and a long line of other rich and famous.
Google images has been scrubbed of pictures of Epstein and Clinton together. It’s 1984.
Recent Disney Star’s death linked to abuse?
Mossad Sexual Blackmail Ring to control US foreign policy - Epstein, Maxwell &amp; Les Wexner
Epstein’s TEMPLE on his ORGY ISLAND used to SACRIFICE + RAPE CHILDREN &amp; WORSHIP the same owl from Bohemian Grove! What the fuck?
Predicting earthquakes: RF Seismograph showed an increase in noise on 80 meters some 13 hours beforehand the california quake.
A few things Ive noticed with online activity during this latest Epstein news.
How Jeffrey Epstein became the richest pedophile in the world | CDAN Ep. 284
What are the best conspiracy videos on Youtube to get lost in?
Something is wrong here
I watched a show on Netflix that mentioned ping pong. Guess what kind of ad popped up in my reddit feed 30 mins later?
Valdmir Putin as Melania...the power of deepfakes
Aircraft N-number N474AW shared by Jeffrey Epstein, DynCorp, the State Department and the CIA; the same Dyncorp that has been caught red handed trafficking children in Eastern Europe and Afghanistan.
STRANGE CONNECTION TO THE 1987 "FINDERS" CULT
Hey maybe there isn’t a giant pedo ring and it’s just a few Kremlin toadies and their f-buddies
The Devil Of Little St. James: The True Jeffrey Epstein Story (Full Documentary 2017) Great documentary that covers many little known details about Epstein
US Customs just seized a ship owned by JPMorgan after authorities found $1 billion worth of drugs on it
There are some interesting stuff in this magazine from 2003....include Epstein,Trump,The Clinton,young Corey Booker,Havery Weinstein
Admins manipulating vote count to force the narrative of "deep fakes" ahead of release of Epstein blackmail videos depicting politicians/celebrities having sex with children/recruiting people into human trafficking
I can't convert audio/videos from Youtube anymore. Are they trying to prevent from sharing truth videos?
What are some 'English' brands that are actually just other languages or inverted letters or etc... ?
This year's Mayday Mystery ad seems to relate to current events.
Doing some Comet Ping Pong research. Did the bullet damage Comet's hard drive?
LOLITA EXPRESS | EPSTEIN/CLINTON CONNECTION | SPIRIT COOKING &amp; SATANIC R...
U.S. Attorney General William Barr and Robert Mueller III violated court rules in public statements about a Russian firm accused of interfering in the 2016 presidential election.
DNA testing
Anyone have the link to that "pizzagate debunked" documentary that actually "proves" it?
Thousands of Alien Hunters to Storm US Top Secret Area 51 to Search for Extraterrestrial Proof
Weird messages
Sanctuary cities concentration camp / FEMA / Illegal immigrants
Sanctuary cities concentration camp.
Wow. Genuinely good piece by Bloomberg on Epstein and the mystery of his millions
Twitter Refuses to Verify Federal Candidates, Opens Election Meddling Floodgates
Anyone here have a thought they would like to toss out there?
My ISP Wants Me to Sign Up for FCC Monitoring
Twitter Blocks "More Guns Less Crime" Author John Lott Jr Over Factual New Zealand Tweet
RIP r/conspiracy : this place is now r/the_donald
Not guilty. The Israeli captain who emptied his rifle into a Palestinian schoolgirl
Democracy 2.0
[Meta] Was Michael Hastings KIlled By The CIA? Wikileaks Reveals Agency’s Covert Carjacking Ability
A result of the Epstein fiasco? Strange timing I’d say..
The Mandela Effect; Dolly's braces
Mueller’s Own Report Undercuts Its Core Russia-Meddling Claims
The clock is ticking for the Clintons
[meta] President Trump "Not A Fan" of Jeffrey Epstein
President Trump "Not A Fan" of Jeffrey Epstein
Our own nuclear weapons? That's the exact opposite of what we should do. The Canberra Times, Australia. Sue Wareham.
Hacked Border Surveillance Firms Wants to Profile NYC Drivers
My dad’s buried 1970s scientific mining TV series states that large craters of uranium were discovered on the dark side of the moon (and is likely why the moon missions had to go dark)... jump to 8:28 to see the footage. Pls share!
Was Michael Hastings Targeted By The CIA? Wikileaks Reveals Agency’s Covert Carjacking Ability
NSA head Mike Rogers told Trump that Trump Tower was bugged by Obama right after a SCIF was up. Trump quietly moves operations to Florida. After they moved, Trump tweets there is a big important meeting at Trump Tower to fool the Deep State. My guess is Q team collected evidence that day of spying.
Interesting things seen in the night sky
Clinton Crony's daughter set to Investigate Clinton
Ok penny parody is almost back again.
Makes you wonder if this is still relevant in today's world
Skinwalker Ranch
Lots of back patting about being right about Epstein, but is there any contrition about Seth Rich’s murder and the Russian conspiracy to blame Clinton?
Marines arrested for smuggling illegal immigrants near southern border
Daphne Caruana Galizia - She died to bring us the Panama Papers! Remember Her!
God is Dog - Marty Leeds Live
Ross Perot died. Why did he pull out of the presidential election. Was he threatened?
Just curious, a question for the emotionally invested in pedophile rings:
So Was QAnon … Right?
Motive for blackmailing Jeff Bezos with dick pix
More weird things entering our atmosphere, a repeat of what happened during the eclipse on 7/2.
Obama let Epstien off because Seth Rich was killed by Vince Foster who faked his death to run a child prostitution operation from the basement of a Wendy's where he destroyed Hillary's server so Obama could fake the moon landing and spread chemtrails on the flouride birth certificates because the ea
Epstein Documents to be supposedly be unseal Thursday. Anything could happen. How’s everyone feeling?
U.S. District Judge Loretta Preska, the former chief judge of SDNY, will preside over unsealing the Epstein files in the civil litigation on remand from the Second Circuit. The next hearing will be Thursday afternoon.
One thing people are overlooking with the Epstein case: why did he have a dental chair and equipment in his mansion?
🎶Do you believe we put a man on the moon, man on the moooooooon?🎶
The War Games and Military Exercises being conducted on 9/11
The New Ariel is cultural appropriation.
Wikipedia praising jimmy savile.
[Meta] Seth Rich's "death by Clinton's" is now declared a Russian psyop by MSM. It's hard to get the facts, especially when the US political system is entrenched in secrecy whenever something big happens. Can somebody with clearer vision than I clarify?
All of as sudden r/politics is pushing a new Seth Rich narrative?
AG William Barr will not recuse himself from Epstein case. Barr's Father gave Epstein his first job as a teacher (with no degree) at private school.
Sworn deposition by a 13 year old. Trump &amp; Epstein (NSFW)
Democrat Activist and Mega Donor Ed Buck formally sued over accusations of human trafficking and blackmail porn after 2nd prostitute dies in his home.
The Universe Explained | Brian Cox | History Documentary Ep.1
Secret Pentagon report revealed the US created ISIS as a "tool" to overthrow Syrian government
On a lighter, random note, if you have children or young family members, I have a good recommendation for a tv show the watch with them...
Now that Jeffrey Epstein has been arrested, let's look at some of the elite pedophile rings that still need to be investigated: The Franklin Scandal.
Another one bites the dust - Ed Buck human trafficking
Just had a conversation about overthrowing the government and taking the power back..
Q anon: how can you continue to deny that Q is who he claims to be, especially now? Q claimed Epstein was going to be arrested 2 years ago, and has followed that narrative to no end. Now he has just been proven right
Are all Jews pedophiles?
Ron Paul: "the CIA has been very much involved with drug dealing"
Stolen From Srgrafo with low effort
How Investigative Reporting &amp; Survivor Testimony Toppled Billionaire Serial Abuser Jeffrey Epstein
"Twelve foot tall giant found" Santa Cruise Sentinel, August 7, 1885.
Prepare your loved ones for the videos about to be leaked.
Smoke and Mirrors
The CIA's Appalling Human Experiments With Mind Control
Exclusive: The true origins of the Seth Rich conspiracy theory
Why is the Epstein scandal all over this sub? When the NXVIM verdict was ignored?
Trump called Epstein a ‘terrific guy’ who enjoyed ‘younger’ women before denying relationship with him
Dutch Whistleblower: They Worship Lucifer, Sacrifice Children (Ronald Bernard)
[META]This sub is really good right now
I feel like all of these comments are fake.
Operation Babylift 3300 babies evacuated from Vietnam.
[meta] the but trump and epstein VS the but Clinton and epstein is annoying. They both were close to a sex trafficker. 2 presidents are wrapped up in this and don't deserve our simpathy because we don't want our party to seem immoral.
An Iowa Man Wins His Free Speech Suit After Being Charged for a Facebook Rant Against a Cop
Russian intel planted fake report that Seth Rich was killed by assassins working for Clinton
Can someone direct me to information on the Scottish rite?
How is it that a channel with over 3 million subs, uploads a video 19 hours ago get only 100K + views, but somehow is on youtube trending?
Allen Group conference begins today in Sun Valley ID.
The Seizure of an Iranian Tanker and the Lethal Toll of Sanctions. Counterpunch. Patrick Cockburn. "... latest episode in the long and disastrous history of economic sanctions in the Middle East. "
Oprah linked to Epstein?
OPRAH LINKED TO EPSTEIN?
Can someone direct me to information about the Scottish rite?
Trump 'dossier' author grilled by Justice Department watchdogs
FBI reveals Arkansas Senator Planned to expose child sex ring
Chan archives on Epstein's island.
The big one
Insects Are Dying Off in Europe in Apocalyptic Wildlife Omen, New Study Suggests
Someone made a post about the Franklin Cover up and it reminded me of the young boy climbing out of the palace naked filmed by tourists several years ago link below--this has been going on since FOREVER !
The question that must be asked: Was Epstein running 'honey traps' and blackmailing the power elite?
With everything in the news about Epstein...
Epstein, Clinton, &amp; Spacey
How many more instances of rape, pedophilia, and sex trafficking among high ranking politics and business men are needed for the public to wake up?
When you figure out there is a global pedophilia network that connects everyone at the top
Barr reverse course, will NOT recuse himself with respect to Epstein
With this Epstein stuff, what are we being distracted from?
Trump is a lizard person
"and the fire, and the glory of the n..." between H.G. Orson ... and Abraham: you are staring at a map to galactic domination--and balking because ... F: ale... you are "e."
Q: You didn't think the Epstein investigation began a few months ago did you? It was all under the direction and oversight of AG Jeff Sessions. Expect a lot more to become public (unsealing). Enjoy the show!
How do you think Deece will play into the whole Epstein saga, and could Deece be the smoking gun that leads to Trump going down?
Was Pizzagate an intentional misdirection from Epstein?
Genuine question here, not looking for arguments, just information seeking. Why are there so many assumptions of satanism in conspiracies (confirmed or not)? Is it misunderstanding of the satanic religion, a scapegoat, or am I missing something?
Make R/politics the R/conspiracy board
It's time for a link chart.
The true origins of the Seth Rich conspiracy theory... Russia
Can someone tell me why qanon doesn’t exist
"Californian earthquakes ignite Yellowstone ‘supervolcano’ fears" Experts are baffled by the shifting patterns of geyser eruptions in Yellowstone National Park, leading to fears the world’s biggest supervolcano could blow. Is this the big event the billionaires are prepping for?
Calling It. Tom Steyer is running for office to hide behind the Hatch Act, and the reason they project on Kellyanne and tried to pass the anti-Lynching bill.
Trump Ejects Protester Who Holds Up Picture Of Donald With Jeffrey Epstein
SESSIONS started this investigation on Epstein, therefore the Trump accusations are lies. Sessions is TRUMPS guy. This investigation began under TRUMP, and this investigation is the reason they want you to HATE HIM.
Seeking to drive Israel wedge, Pence questions whether Democratic Party is still 'home to so many American Jews'
Fft: why did obama spend 30 thousand dollars on "hotdogs"?
Deep Fake AI technology “recently coming out” and going mainstream is just a cautionary measure for leaked videos of high profile politicians.
What do you think it would take to get Ol’ Johnny Podizza on an episode of Maury with Jaime Bennington?
Well there goes all of Epstein's video evidence...
incredible lawful remedy to get almost any case dismissed in court
You have to watch this crucial documentary about endocrine disruptors. Feel free to go down this rabbit hole!
Federal Court Rooms Are Notorious For Their Shenanigans Like The Tsarnaev Trial. Don't Expect Anything Different in Epstein's Trial.
Federal Courts In This Country are where they send people to disappear forever never to be heard from again and cameras are strictly forbidden. They've acted out many mock trials in the past. Don't expect Epstein's to be any different. Just ask Tsarnaev..oh wait....
Ross Perot dead: Billionaires arrested/dead in 2019
Yahoo’s new podcast Conspiracyland reveals Seth Rich conspiracy started as Russian Intel plant.
Yahoo Seth Rich Claim is BULLSHIT!!!! Conspiracy was already out and didn't come from just Russia
A.I. Censoring posts? Wasn’t that the plot of Metal Gear Solid 2?
Epstein case was handled by Public Corruption Unit, instead of the normal sex crimes unit. This scandal definitely goes past Epstein.
Town in Florida fines man $30,000 for not mowing his lawn while he was gone for 1 month, threatens to foreclose on his home if he can't pay
The Jeffrey Epstein Video The Left And The Right Don't Want You To See!!!
What do we do when Epstein and Acosta don't go down for good?
Inside Epstein’s $56 Million Mansion: Photos of Bill Clinton, Woody Allen and Saudi Crown Prince
This Jim Carrey Deep Fake
Pretty weird that Mike Cernovich would be hanging out with Alan Dershowitz huh?
Russian intel planted fake report that Seth Rich was killed by assassins working for Clinton
Prosecutor in 2009 Epstein Case Said Donald Trump Was the ONLY ONE Who Helped Him
Crazy Rapper speaks out about subtle Depression conspiracy in song
I just got banned from r/history for bringing up Graham Hancock - I was inspired by someone else in this sub.
Ross Perot Dead at 89. How much do you want to bet his name is in the Epstein files?
The Dubious Source Behind the Tulsi Cult Smear - Naomi Allen - Medium
One day vending machine and robot will replace all the restaurant and chef in the world
Muhammad forced people from their homes, forced POWs to convert, held captives for ransom, had sex with a preteen, claimed to talk to angels and even god himself, shoved his tongue in the mouth of small boys, and he executed a little Jewish granny called Zeynab.
I haven't seen this crucial documentary about Endocrine disruptors posted here. Feel free to go down this rabbit hole!
(NEW) ILLUMINATI CONSPIRACIES (2019) - OMG!! Top Famous Names Revealed A...
Ann Coulter Says Jeffrey Epstein Is The Cover Boy For a Global State-Sponsored Blackmailing Operation.
Is "Q" a force that is fighting against or supporting the ZOG?
The Next Scandal in Hollywood: Nickelodeon Producer in Trouble
[META] Prolific Conspiracy Poster Disappears
While the entire front page of the sub is exclusively posts about Epstein it occurred to me, what other big conspiracies are going down while we're all distracted with this?
Pizzagate is back, Seth Rich is back.
Q's most recent drops call out Jeffrey Epstein, Les Wexner, and Tom Steyer. Let's connect the dots for these 3 billionaires...
Opinion: Epsteins arrest isnt the tip of the iceberg. It is a distraction.
Epstein Island case confirming Q ?
(2016) Troubled woman with a history of drug use who claimed that she was assaulted by Donald Trump at a Jeffrey Epstein sex party at age 13 fabricated her story
I talked to someone who had access to the Roswell crash from 1947
Macron was a child when he met his teacher/wife. What is acceptable and what is not?
Searching “Epstein” on twitter....
they will be in that pool for sure!
For those of you that are feeling burnt out...
For those of you that are feeling burnt out...
Epstein...blackmail wouldn't work. Would it?
Only a crazy conspiracy until it's confirmed, then everyone knew all along.
Why does society have faith in debt based fiat currency?
Video Game CEO (Activision - Call of Duty) Linked with Epstein and Kevin Spacey
The man who supposedly leaked that Hillary/Huma Snuff film was sentenced to 16 years in jail for the sexual assault of two young Nepalese boys.
Word from inside the beltway, President Trump is entertaining offers to sell the naming rights of national parks
Just like one can be an Atheist and choose no gods to Worship one can choose not to give their Loyalty to any sort of Government because neither gods nor governments ever gave a single F*** about you or anybody else, this I promise.
An interesting chart that shows the political affiliation of the voters
Billy corgan shapeshifting story...
Will the NSA Spy Program that Edward Snowden exposed ever be used to undermine or imprison the political opponents of those in power?
Pizzagate Question
US approves Taiwan arms sale
Tulsi Gabbard's name removed from CFR website &amp; her CFR membership removed from Wikipedia
As a follow-up to my last post on facial recognition
Ignore the politics with Jeffery Epstein
Deepfakes isn't coincidence
Conspiracyland: The Russian connection to Seth Rich conspiracies
Anyone seen the Jim Carrey "The Shining" deepfake video yet?
Just like to point out we were right, again.
It's a big club and you ain't in it.
This is what happens to your body when you stop having Sex. No. 3 makes me really scared.
Jeffrey Epstein’s Sick Story Played Out for Years in Plain Sight; "[Acosta] cut the non-prosecution deal with one of Epstein’s attorneys because he had “been told” to back off, that Epstein was above his pay grade. “I was told Epstein ‘belonged to intelligence’ and to leave it alone,”"
Pizzagate is back
The true origins of the Seth Rich conspiracy theory. A Yahoo News investigation.
Flight Manifests
Exclusive: The true origins of the Seth Rich conspiracy theory. A Yahoo News investigation
I’m sure this has nothing to do with covering up the Epstein mess
A jaded take on the current events. Anyone else see it playing out like this?
More than 1,000 Android apps harvest data even after you deny permissions
Exclusive: The true origins of the Seth Rich conspiracy theory. A Yahoo News investigation.
The Truth About Meritocracy, Success and The American Dream
Deepfake used to start insane false flags?
Would you rather know all information regarding Jeffery Epstein and pedogate, or know all of the information on false flag shootings in America such as the Vegas one?
UFO CRYPTID and PARANORMAL News
Mark my words: if Trump is on one of Epstein's CDs, this sub will be flooded with posts explaining it away. It's already starting.
The Truth About Success, Meritocracy, and The American Dream
Isaac Kappy predicted Epstein going down MONTHS AGO and then got suicided
Students Mother calls for fairness in High School Teachers sexual assault case after he receives a plea deal with no jail time or sex offender list registry
could something like this be the mark of the beast??
Could the Epstein arrest be the ultimate deep state play?
Is it unreasonable to assume Epstein was operating under the protection of the US government? Or at least the criminal faction that’s hijacked it. Think about it:
BREAKING: ANOTHER obama jdge has obstructed trump blocking trumps attpts to force drug costs down. Is there no end to obamas attacks on america?
Is almost like they are trying to shove this down our throats. They disabled the comments? And I’m not against doing what you want to do but this companies are profiting from it at all cost.
High ranking United Nations Official jailed for sixteen years for raping Nepalese boys
T_D refugees, please leave us alone
Bill Clinton Flew On Jeffrey Epstein's Private Plane 27 Times!
Decades ago, the UN promised climate disaster; so why hasn't it arrived? (Hint, it's because "Climate Change" is Bullshit.)
Children Brainwashed and Sold in Italy
Can anyone else see a ghost in this vid? It’s the Abandoned Doctors Mansion in England. Near the vintage cars? (Ignore the thumbnail) this vid wasn’t meant to have any ghosts in and I wasn’t aware of it until 15 mins ago!
People in the US News media are FAR more liberal in their politics than the general population. They are opinion shepherds looking to reshape conservative populations the same way an enzyme reshapes a molecule.
Always a reason why things happen when they do; what is Epstein's arrest covering up?
An even darker side of the Epstein case : the Laybornes.
The Jeffrey Epstein Case Proves Rich And Powerful Predators Can Still Hide In Plain Sight
Russia's RT and Sputnik barred from UK conference on media freedom
Youtube AI delete comments in a second now that is wrong worded in there opinion.
Epstein case investigative journalist - Underage girls were on Epstein's jet "almost every time" when Clinton was on it too
Fast And Furious Victims Speak Out For First Time In Decade, Demand Justice
Epstein case being brought front and center for us all to eat up. They made it so we would think it would never happen just so they can sa
Ivan Stankevich: Percentage of ethnic Russians in the countries of the former USSR
Why the mainstream media and the public must take #pizzagate seriously after the Epstein arrest.
Notorious Billionaire Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Funded This ‘Women’s Empowerment’ Advocate
Why is the "Google censors Google censorship video" in the sidebar?
BBC news website Epstein story
Blockbuster Drugs Market by Analysis, Key Players, Dynamics, and Forecast 2025
Nancy Pelosi calls for Labor Secretary Alex Acosta's resignation over deal cut for Jeffrey Epstein
It's more complicated than you think.
Investigation into Celebrity Pool Death Stuart Lubbock Case / Michael Barrymore
US Attorney calls out for any Epstein victims to come forward.
A
TopMindsOfReddit spotted in real life.
My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.” ― Abraham Lincoln
Albert Pikes WW1,2,3 implication letter
The Google conspiracy
Home Alone pizza (and the Florida “explosion)
Alex Jones if you’re reading this (for whatever bizarre reason), I’d love to hear what you have to say regarding Epstein
Meet The Kakistocracy - Tjeerd Andringa on The Corbett Report
Photo showing evidence that the RMS Titanic was switched with its sister ship the Olympic
Dan Gibson - The Sacred City. Are Muslim’s praying to the wrong place?
[Meta] The conspiracy community needs to attack. About reddit, the new battleground Saidit.net and information warfare.
The origin of Q could be a reference to Kryptos the CIA sculpture.
According to the Jewish Encyclopedia 1906, the Rothschilds are considered the guardians of the papal treasure.
Why doesn’t anyone recognize the inappropriate relationship of René Angélil and Celine Dion?
Documents from the Pentagon and the CIA expose how the US government has worked behind the scenes on over 800 major movies and more than 1,000 TV titles promoting war on behalf of the CIA.
Carl Jung on Neurosis.
President Trump’s cabinet consists of several wealthy elites, including Goldman Sachs, Bilderberg, and former Rothschild banker, Wilbur Ross. Ross bailed Trump out of bankruptcy in the early 90’s, and repaid the favor, making him sec. of commerce years later.
Fox guest enthusiastically spins a new survey showing 23% of American expect to never be able to retire: "What a great country where we have the opportunity to keep working. ... This is a great blessing. You should embrace it.
Fix Samsung Phone Black Screen of Death Problem by Broken Android Data Extraction
"But China has slave labor and Russia is a dictatorship. They murder dissidents." The "whataboutism" that occurs when talking about the USA. This is my response.
Nat Geo Photographer Admits To Encountering Alien Beings Underwater!
"But China has slave labor and Russia is a dictatorship. They murder dissidents." The "whataboutism" that occurs when talking about the USA.
Been on vacation the last 2 days. Can someone please give me the TLDR on this whole Jeffrey Epstein situation?
What if Ivanka is not Trump's daughter?
Q Waterfall - Collapse of the Satanic Pedo Network
After Jeff Epstein's latest sex-crimes arrest, why does Alex Acosta still have a job?
The presidents of the 3 largest Bulgarian clubs had a meeting and announced that there will be no more fixed games and bought referees
Please help me find a video
My Dinner With Rationalism
Can Bigfoot Throw Its Voice ?
Possible lead on Trump being a pedophile
Salty /r/rareinsults mod admits to reddit admin corruption with a side of nuanced racism!
I believe there’s a pedophile and necrophilia ring operating on twitter and Facebook using a hashtag #EPYSP
For those looking for insight into the 'Russian trolls/bot' propaganda. This is an interesting take on it that you will never hear via advertiser paid 'news'.
Verlander: MLB juicing balls for more offense
If things get blown wide open with videos and photos do you think society will be traumatized? Will we see funding to hire thousands of therapist and social workers? Even if they’re labeled deepfakes, they’ll go viral and we’ll basically watch the earth stand still. A global come to Jesus moment.
Disjointed ramblings re: CIA, Monarch, Disney, Nickelodeon, Muppets and the Laybournes
Fully Sourced Executive Summary of Pizzagate Evidence
Breaking! Epstein's victim, and "recruiter" for underage girls found unresponsive in home. The Silencing begins.
Occult Symbol in California Desert near Quake Sites
Underground terror tunnel dug from Gaza into Israel "discovered" by Israeli Military
Tulsi Gabbard accuses Kamala Harris of committing a hate crime hoax against Joe Biden
Sydney Loofe's death caused by "homicidal means," according to p - NEWS CHANNEL NEBRASKA
Trump, Prince Andrew met up before Jeffrey Epstein's arrest
Our "Mental Health".
Let's, as a community of free thinkers, stop sitting back and typing how Epstein is gonna get off light. Let's start asking ourselves what we can do to push this thing over the edge other than making it political
Was the deep fake video a gear up for this Epestine bust?
Epstein story not on the News section of Reddit
Jeffrey Epstein Is the Ultimate Symbol of Plutocratic Rot - Powerful elites enabled the financier accused of trafficking underage girls. - Among the mysteries of the Epstein case are why powerful prosecutors of both parties treated him with such leniency.
FIRE at Eagle Mountain NSA FACILITY, near Facebook data center, in Utah
Kim jong un is impersonating Donald Trump
Does this have new relevance with the recent Epstein revelations?
I don't think momma is happy...
If you do not know who Laura Silsby is, now would be a good time to refresh your memory. Meet the woman who got caught smuggling children out of Haiti and get to know her ties to the Clinton Foundation. PEDO INFO DUMP THREAD.
Do you guys think that the Fourth of July parade was a charade to distract the media before the Epstein bust?
Why Should States That Protect Illegal Immigrants Be Rewarded With More Political Power?
Sir is it true you have an egg shaped penis? WTF?!
Let's all take a second to pay homage to Laura Silsby, child smuggler, and her ties to the Clinton Foundation.
[meta] It's going down.
Have you guys seen this music video by Avicii about childtrafficking? Of course he isn't with us today...
The Jeffrey Epstein Video The Left And The Right Don't Want You To See!!!
Has anyone here ever seen a deepfake?
Clinton Statement Distancing Himself From Epstein Crimes
Look into Epstein's island itself - the temple there on the SW side of the island housed underground tunnels...
I wanna speak up but I’m scared. It’s not just the Catholic Church.
Even if Katie Johnson dropped Trump/Epstein rape case, she should still re-file the lawsuit for the sole purpose that Epstein is in prison.
If you do not know who Laura Silsby is, now would be a good time to refresh your memory. Meet the woman who got caught smuggling children out of Haiti and get to know her ties to the Clinton Foundation.
Bill Clinton claimes he never went to the island now!! This picture proves otherwise--does this count as a submission statement?
Welcome to r/conspiracy, where we have to remind everyone that everything is fine and all you need to focus on are these 1000+ articles about the Clintons, DNC, and anybody critical of the President
[help] Looking for this 4 hour long video about the holocaust that used to be on youtube/vimeo
SLAVE REGISTERS FROM LONDON Name The Slaves Kamala Harris' Ancestor Owned
Robert Kraft and Epstein together sounds like a recipe for some fun in the sun. Is it possible to find when these two are together?
Why Sex Offender Jeffrey Epstein Is Not A Billionaire
Analysis of MSNBC's media bias against Andrew Yang.
Traditionally Catholic Society Of Saint Pius X conspiracy
Most over the counter acne products irritate the skin, leading to micro infections and actually cause more acne. Causing you to buy more.
Some People Might Think...
NYT article blatantly runs cover for both Epstein and Bill Clinton
Is this Epstein debauchery trove the dam busting on the material we've all been primed to question as "Deepfakes" or "Deepnudes"?
Apple selling biometric data?
(2009 article) The Obama administration has dramatically realigned the 2010 census, practically transforming it into an arm of the illegal-immigration lobby by partnering with nearly two dozen pro-amnesty organizations.
Book posted in 1979
And so begins the denying. Trump Ejects Protester Who Holds Up Picture Of Donald With Jeffrey Epstein
Was Linda Bishop Really Crazy or Was She Murdered?
[NWO Resource] Dr. John Coleman lecture regarding NWO, from 1994. (3h 12m 29s)
Black people beat each other at Disney. NBC lightens one of the victims and then makes it look like white people were the cause (evidence in comments)
Billionaire sex offender Epstein once claimed he co-founded Clinton Foundation
Bill Clinton has released a public statement about Jeff Epstein &amp; I may have already uncovered a lie/inaccuracy. He said he only went to Asia once w/ Epstein but I found 2 separate trips.
[5G Awareness] Short documentary covering the basics of 5G exposure (24:06) - 20190708
Maybe the government isn't what we think it is🤔
Epstein is a placeholder, more arrests and evidence coming soon. To be entered into evidence are 3 videos: an underage boy giving blood transfusion to HRC. HRC and Huma in bed with an underage girl. And HRC and Huma dancing around with a surgically detached child's face over their own.
Epstein Indictment Contains Nothing About Trump, Despite Media Hype Despite "irresponsible media speculation," - No Connection To The President.
How Ankle Monitors Drive Defendants Into Debt (another winner from the Prison Industrial Complex)
With is this
Is 4ocean a scam?
Trump said the other day Pence cancelled a trip to New Hampshire because of a "very interesting problem up there"
coincidence or what? Creepy either way given the circumstances
Epstein, Disney, NXIVM- using body doubles/lookalikes for crime photos and trials.
Epstein pleads the fifth when asked about friendship with Donald Trump in 2010. Why would he do this?
BREAKING: Brian D. Hill of USWGO news was under carbon monoxide since November, 2017
Before SHTF, Let's Revisit Jeffrey Epstein's Little Black Book
Wikipedia has altered Epstein's bio, removing mentions of Bill Clinton and Spacey, but leaving entries about Trump.
Interested in Freemasonry? Here's a look inside some lodges throughout history...
Clinton just put out a statement saying he knows nothing about Epstien's crimes. This allegedly explains that this statement is likely false.
Kevin Spacey case possibly getting dismissed. Possible connection to Epstein case?
Dr Phil Human Trafficking Victim Flown to Private Islands to be "Hunted". Does anyone else think this may have ties to Jeffrey Epstein?
It’s really happening...Epstein’s alleged madam. Goes down....
Epstein Stories You Won't Find in the News. Amazing Polly's youtube pages goes in depth on Epstein's background and his connection to NXIVM
Full text of "Epstein Flight Logs Lolita Express". If you want to know who is pissing their pants right now just hit Ctrl F (Apple F) and type a name. This is different than the "little black book". These people went to the Island.
Does anyone have any thoughts on the banned r/frenworld and the belief that the letters FREN stood for "Far Right Ethno-Nationalist" ?
Kevin Spacey case possibly getting dismissed. Possible connection to Epstein case?
James Comey’s daughter named to Jeffrey Epstein prosecution team
Ok, Corey common out!! Let it all out now!!!
Seems Wikipedia has altered Epstein’s bio already. First screenshot of Epstein’s bio was at 8:27 a.m. The 2nd was at 10:30 a.m. omitting Bill Clinton
What was the reason you subscribed to r/conspiracy?
Just a pic of prince Andrew and one of Epstein's sex slaves happy with their arms around each other
The "well-known prime minister" implicated in the Jeffrey Epstein case
Which Blind Items are accurate?
Which Blind Items are accurate?
Jeffrey Epstein has been arrested again. Russiagate &amp; Pizzagate both intersect at the Party of Regions, who Paul Manafort &amp; Tony Podesta both worked for, &amp; at Ian Robert Maxwell (father of Epstein madame Ghislaine Maxwell) whose body was found floating outside his yacht in 1991. A mindmap.
Does anyone have info on the giant Star of David in the middle of China Lake?
so much for Tulsi being the voice of reason among the Democrat candidates.
Are demons real?
{blog}Corruption in prison | JohnnyboySteele.com
Jeffrey Epstein's little black book with contacts to all peolpe who were important for him personally. From Michal Jackson to Trump, Soros and Bloomberg
Good thing Q is a LARP for all you deniers. It’s ok though.
"Nude Photos of Underage Girls Seized From Jeffrey Epstein Mansion" /r/news on the front page with a shit ton of woke people. Finally I think we've turned a corner and the general public are starting to see what we've been talking about for years. I'm thrilled! Finally!
Epstein Lawyers Extend Plea Agreement Offer in Exchange for Five-Year-Sentence.
what podcast do you recommend listening to?
Donald Trump Is Hosting A Social Media Summit But Twitter And Facebook Aren’t Invited
Bill Clinton 'knows nothing' about financier Jeffrey Epstein's 'terrible crimes,' former president's spokesman says
The Evidence for Jeffrey Epstein’s Mossad Connection
Why do you think Crispin Glover(ie George Mcfly) accused Steven Speilberg of being a pedophile in a written letter back in like 2003? I sure dont see much evidence for that accusation against him. What do you think?
Question - Disparity in wayback archive and published article on vanity fair about Epstein
Young man posts cryptic tweets, goes missing and is found dead in the trunk of his car a week later. What did he know?
A psychopathic, pedophile, Satanist sex cult runs the world and uses blackmail as the glue to keep things together
Jeffrey Epstein and War With Iran
What does he know... and how is TPTB haven't nuked him from orbit?
Jeffrey Epstein prosecutors aided by ‘excellent investigative journalism’ (See my Rule: 10)
Laura Silsby (Laura Gayler)
Is someone paid to publish blind items?? Do they work with tabloids and news to distract??
Is Moe Othman legit?
What does r/conspiracy think of the Wes Penre Papers? (WPP)
Wikipedia editors are trying to censor the fact that Bill Clinton flew 26 times on Epstein's "lolita express" plane
That's how it went down! Explains a lot!
This is bigger than you can perceive at the moment. EXPAND YOUR THINKING.
(M) [NYC] (29) month one of my 3 month sober push to get my body back. #progress . How am I doing?
No correlation
The Epstein scandal may be one of the biggest political scandals in a long time. It has the potential to bring down a lot of powerful people.
Mark Zuckerberg is An Alien, Uses Secret Program To Track Memes
Remember that time when r/worldnews openly called for not only violence but the death of a sitting president without any sort of punitory action from Reddit Admins?
Books/Movies/Tv shows that shed light on the truth? (TPTB)
Scott group and Tim Scott
Marking exploited children and teens?
should us accept climate change like it is inevitable ?!
On the evening of 12/2/10, Katie Couric, George Stephanopoulos, Chelsea Handler, &amp; director Woody Allen—convened around the dinner table of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. "The only thing that gets you shunned in New York society is poverty."
Nude photos of underage girls (child porn) seized from Jeffrey Epstein mansion
4 Types of Gangstalking Programs (Targeted Individuals &amp; NLP)
Russia says sailors... - died while performing a combat mission in the cold waters of the Barents Sea
Jury Tampering in a Junta, "Outside the courtroom a bugle plays from five until eight,"
Senior Runner Disqualified by LA Marathon Died by Suicide, Coroner Says. A conspiracy?
This makes them even more suspicious
Serious question, how many pilots would have to be involved in the Chen trail conspiracy for it to be feasible?
Proof Of Past Lives &amp; Life After Death
Trump ban Epstein from Mar-a-lago in 2007
Fact from Fiction
Free speech or censorship? Social media litigation is a hot legal battleground
More than 1,000 Android apps harvest your data even if denied permission
Florida principal reassigned after he told parent he can't say the Holocaust is a factual, historical event.
Read the second one
Mayor Pete?
Did anyone realise where all those earthquakes in california were going off....? I thought it was kinda interesting. I'll also add that some underground nuclear tests can be indistinguishable from earthquakes too.
What are your go to Conspiracy podcasts?
The Sun Dominates Climate Change
Walt D̶i̶s̶n̶e̶y̶ Jizzney is run by pedophiles, sexual deviants, perverts, Satanists and Freemasons
[META] here is an old post from this sub that got little attention — it connects Jeffrey Epstein to the NXIVM Bronfman Family. Clare &amp; Sara Bronfman were also members of the Clinton Global Initiative. Replies to this post will keep regurgitating Alex Acosta.
Dead Russian Sub Sailors Prevented 'Planetary Catastrophe'
Proof there’s a temple under the Sphinx. From the CIA Vault
Wireless Radiation
The Citibank ATM conspiracy [minor]
Here is what law-enforcement officials found in Jeffrey Epstein’s Upper East Side mansion on Saturday night when they executed a search warrant, according to SDNY’s detention memo:
As Cameras Track Detroit’s Residents, a Debate Ensues Over Racial Bias
WILLY WONKA
Alex Acosta, Epstein's lawyer, is in Trump's cabinet. Epstein's other lawyer and current Harvey Weinstein attorney, Alan Dershowitz, has defended Trump many times.
Expose the CREMATION OF CARE (happening now) END THE FEDERAL RESERVE. END THE SUPPRESSION OF FREE-ENERGY TECHNOLOGY. FREE ALL ENSLAVED TO VICTIMLESS CRIMES. RESET ALL DEBT. MAKE TAXES ACTUALLY GO TO HELP CITIZENS. NEVER AGAIN INCOME TAX. HAVE OUR TREASURY CREATE OUR OWN MONEY!!!!--Most importantly,
Israel has nukes and hasn't signed the Non-Proliferation Treaty while Iran has signed it.
This whole Epstein thing is a distraction.
Climate Nutjobs plan to attack airports with drones because they hate plant food.
When will someone shoot down a chemtrail jet and provide undeniable proof they're poisoning us//killing the bees? In the east coast they come from EVERGREEN AIRFORCE BASE. These jets have no Flight paths. They fly back and forth poisoning us under the guise of combating global warming..help stop it!
On This Day in 1947 👽
The Cult of Baal. Research document that traces the Cabal throughout history.
The almighty reddit opinions!
Erol exposes the cutting edge technology and organised-evil pitted against our finest
U.S. Navy and Lockheed Martin Officially Introduce Directed Energy Weapons Into Warfare
The controllers have created a Hegelian Dialectic in the form of opposing political parties that use the manipulated left/right imbalanced brains of the people to lead them to the same goal at their extreme ends - their slavery.
Jeffrey Epstein pleads not guilty to sex trafficking charges
Location of Russian failsafe "Deadhand"
Trump's comments on Epstein - 2015 CPAC - Full Context
The real reason 9/11/2001 happened on 9/11
What are they doing to the weather?
Universe Inside You - Youtube channel with 1 million subs demonetized
EXCLUSIVE newly declassified secret space program documents!
"The most dangerous game" reminds me of
PR firm(s) in full defensive posture against any Taser criticisms.
Anyone ever heard of a life insurance scam where the individual is litteraly stressed to death?
Pedophile arrests (like Jeffrey Epstein) have always been part of the plan
California officials still can’t say whether non-citizens voted
What’s going on here?
What happened?
End. Of. It.
Bill Cooper on critical thinking
Jeffrey Epstein Shared a Plane With Dyncorp, State Department, and the CIA.
Let's not forget that epstein filmed the sex acts of famous people at his properties. It has been speculated that he sold these for blackmail and to control governments.
Youtube Engineer Goes On Drug Fueled Rampage, Runs People Over, Then Got Shot 3 Times
Bees vibrating and dying after California earth quakes
Chris Rock- War on Terror
Cigarette .. How to kill smokers in terms of "do not expect"?
scientific breakthrough
Bannon was at the same Epstein NYC mansion that was raided this morning, full of thousands of sex abuse photographs. He left with a bag full of 'papers'.
Jeffrey Epstein: How Donald Trump is linked to financier arrested for sex trafficking minors
Mankind : Grassy Knoll (ft. Charles Hamilton)
Google censoring /r/conspiracy in search results. What are they afraid of?
Does anyone else suspect that the Epstein arrest is just a continuance of the campaign to normalize pedophilia?
Details from what FBI found inside Epstein’s $77 Million Manhattan mansion: Extraordinary volume of photographs of nude underage girls Hundreds perhaps thousands of sexually suggestive photographs of fully or partially nude females. Safe containing compact disks with labels
Possible Entrance To Underwater UFO Base In Santa Monica Bay?
Good I hope he gets locked up &amp; rot for an eternity
Inhumane forms of immigrant mass incarceration, growing cruelty, and the passivity of concentration camps on US soil.
Project for a New American century is a rational but desperate attempt to stave off the end of the history’s largest maritime empire.
We have not won. Don't be fooled with Jerry Epstein. James Gunn literally shared child porn from a convicted sexual predator on his blog and he is still directing the biggest movies in the world. The pedos are still protected.
Youtube Engineer Goes On Drug Fueled Rampage, Runs People Over, Then Got Shot 3 Times
Text of Unabomber Manifesto
Snowflake Trump Ejects Protester Who Holds Up Picture Of Donald With Jeffrey Epstein
Throwback Monday : That time we actually acknowledged Bill Clinton's ties to Epstein. Memories of calling it how it was. Thoughts of finding the truth regardless of political gain.
Fact from Fiction
SCOOP: Epstein's lawyer has already made a proffer to SDNY. Epstein will agree to cooperate with the investigation, including giving up the names of individuals that paid for activities with underage girls in exchange for a maximum sentence not to exceed 5 years
Latest video of Kurzgesagt talking about Electromagnetic Pollution suppressed.
It's a proven fact that numerous government agencies have secretly taken UFOs seriously, nearly from the beginning, and also spied on UFO organizations. At the same time, they told us there was nothing to it. It's also a fact that the CIA used propaganda against Americans to reduce interest in UFOs.
The Shadow Banned Video About Jeffrey Epstein They Dont want you to see...The hard true
Epstein is wlling to spill beans for a deal
Could the arrest of Jeffrey Epstein be happening now to distract from something else?
Hillary Clinton Intervened Politically on Behalf of Laura Silsby. Silsby’s Lawyer and His Wife Were Both Arrested For Involvement in Human Sex Trafficking of Minors and Women. The Daily Beast Engaged in an Illicit Cover Up Operation of the Above Information
"I've known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side."
Is the media priming the public for war with Iran?
Dead sailors stopped a 'planetary catastrophe' aboard a secret submarine - the real reason behind Pence's hasty return to DC last week?
Huawei staff share deep links with Chinese military, new study claims
The Epstein arrest is a distraction from the growing calls to end children concentration camps. Save the children from power abuse right? Epstein will go free and continue to host, now in fresh supply from Betsy DeVos 'foster' institution who takes all the children that even come out of these camps
Looking for a Specific NASA Apollo Video Originally on YT that provided Video Proof the Official Story Was Fabricated:
A one-year-old baby was prescribed antidepressants in Scotland
Has anyone done any work to uncover the truth behind “Russian bots”
Stephen Hawking pictured on Jeffrey Epstein's "Island of Sin"
FBI and ICE use DMV photos as 'gold mine' for facial recognition data
Jeffrey Epstein Child Sex Trafficking Indictment Unsealed
Is the concept of race itself a conspiracy? Or is race real and race mixing bad? What is the truth?
MegaThread: WATCH JEFFERERY EPSTEINS GET SENTENENCED LIVE!!! We need to pay attention and spread the word as this continues to unravel
February 2011 - Where does Epstein's money come from??
Justice Department Granted Immunity To Hillary Clinton’s Lawyer Who Destroyed 33,000 Emails
WATCH LIVE: Eptein’s charges from today’s trial
Former State Official Testifies He Warned State Department Officials about Clinton Email Issues; Concerned about Interference on Classified Clinton Benghazi Email Documents
ASU Professor Lawrence Krauss, who spent time at Jeffrey Epstein's Island and received funding from him, was found guilty of sexual misconduct in 2018
Saw an ad for a reputation score on Facebook
George Nader: How a convicted paedophile became key to an Emirati hook-up with Trump
Chris Cline coal magnate Trump donor helo crash
SpOtted in Nashville!
In Mar. 2002, global policy elites convene at Windsor Castle - the subject was the shape of a coming "new world order." The conclusions were disturbing:
[Meta] How do you know if the MSM isn't reporting on something?
Isn't that strange
Teams from Israel’s Malmab, a Defense Ministry secret security department, whose activities and budget are classified, removes, hides and destroys documents from Israeli archives which document the Palestinian Genocide starting with the Nakba of 1948.
The rich getting richer
Who Controls All of Our Money?
In Mar. 2002, global policy elites convene at Windsor Castle - the subject was "new world order." Here's a part of the conclusions:
4 Types of Gangstalking Programs (Targeted Individuals &amp; NLP)
Guys... We might have a problem on our hands...
If you do a search for "Epstein pal" you can flag every result as fake news.
Jeffrey Epstein's Unseald Indictment.
Biggie Small knew about 911?
Billionaire Tom Steyer Ready to Enter Crowded 2020 Presidential Race. When you can't buy the President, buy the Presidency.
For all of you that think I am crazy about my MI6 theories.
Satanic symbolism in rick and morty
Just a picture of the pimp/procurer for Jeffrey Epstein — Ghislaine Maxwell @ Chelsea Clinton’s wedding. Daughter of Robert Maxwell. Robert is another one of Bill Browder’s business partners who had a mysterious death- pre Magnitsky.
Does white genocide really exist?
Got the airport bonus, wth?
14 Russians with fake passports denied entry to Mexico
Sort by Controversial
USA Vs Jeffery Epstein
Globalism = Freemasonry = Judaism. Banned video from Eric Dubay. Eric says his most important message going forward about flat earth truth is to expose who is behind the lies and why. Judaism is Satanism, and is behind Freemasonry and the globe earth lie.
There is a huge boom in the Hasidic population in Lakewood NJ, besides having their own law enforcement and not allowing local police or even state police to have any authority over them- they also commit mortgage fraud on a mass scale. How can this be stopped?
Here’s the 14-page indictment. ( Jeffrey Epstein] [ pic only]
Disney Channel star Cameron Boyce dies at 20
Sweden Decides they Are Not Destroying their Country Fast Enough, Opens Door to Increased Chain Migration to Recently Arrived Muslim Refugees
Podcasts
Fascinating whistle blower account from a JPL employee, AstroEngineer's Blog.
Recreation of Saturn Sun - Ultimate Satanic Endgame
Trump Was 'Only One' To Help Prosecutor In 2009 Epstein Case
It couldn’t be more obvious
Canadian Premier Was Probably Murdered in 1943 for Opposing NWO
Stop the nonsense.
[Meta] The sub just reached 900k subscribers. Congratulations to us!
Haaretz reveals secret Israeli department tasked with making Nakba archives disappear
Jeffrey Epstein Indictment Unsealed - LIVE COVERAGE
老大哥 is watching you. 18 countries are already using Chinese A.I. monitoring systems
Fresh Demands for Labor Secretary Alex Acosta's Resignation Mount After Jeffrey Epstein Arrested for Child Sex Trafficking Charges
Prediction: Deepfake technology will be used in the future to assist in completely rewriting history. Soon, people will be conditioned to see every source of information about the world as untrustworthy. They will then be conditioned to believe only those sources of info provided by authorities.
Night Vision Technology
Average Salary of Blockchain Developer
It is literally astonishing to me how many people don't know that Hilary Clinton cheated to win the Dem nomination over Bernie Sanders
Reddit = CNN, The One Eyed God Is Your Phone
Funny coincidence isn't it?
Water
An incredibly interesting week.
Here's a theory....(Epstein)
Disney Shills on Reddit
NXIVM Whistleblower Tells All: Hillary, Gillibrand Involved In Sex Slavery, Trafficking, And Satanism
There has been a lot of smoke around this guy for a long time. Do you think the rich and powerful are worried?
Who is Leon Black?
How Green Energy and EVs Will Drive Humanity Over a Cliff
Are the powerful worried about this?
📢 XR Web Announces Its First Initial Exchange Offering At Alterdice 🔥🔥🔥
Why Facebook shows ads relevant to my searches even when I browse ONLY in private mode?
Non fake news sites?
Flat Earth:How we know the Earth and Moon are spheres
The Zionist Conspiracy plots and commits terror against Syria, partitioning it into pieces the Zionists steal from the people of Syria. Mysterious blasts off Syria's coast have disrupted Iran oil delivery. Who Benefits and who is committing the terror? Israel, the USA, Britain, Germany and France.
Strong family culture would eliminate all the homeless problems today
DISTURBING child pornography ring easily found on twitter
Cute animation spreading propaganda about electro-sensitivity.
Wtf
So what are the odds Trump is implicated in Epstein affair??
The Secret Russian broadcasts in Stranger Things actually exist. Here is what they sound like…
Tell a lie often enough, and it becomes the truth.
With the Iran situation heating up, we should all watch "the shock doctrine." we need to bring this stuff up more in the political talks we hold with like minded and opposition friends.
Water isn't wet, the earth is flat, I did 9/11, Hitler is alive
Pure Fire
HyperNormalisation
Looking for a recent (5-10 year span) of a guy who was posting saying he was being followed. Over the course of a week or so, he looked paranoid and eventually disappeared/was murdered.
Chaos: Charles Manson, the CIA and the Secret History of the Sixties
[Question] Should we make a list of known shills?
[Question] Should we make a list of known shills?
Trump rape accuser gives sworn declaration of sexual relations with Trump at a Jeffrey Epstein party. Goes into specific detail.
Manipulative algorithms of the internet
The Dark Side has internet cookies.
White guilt summed up.
Is the Epstein arrest a leftist tactic to take down Trump?
CIA shoots mother &amp; infant out of sky. A 9 year investigation uncovers those involved lied to CIA director.
i hope someone can inform on something i wanna learn much more about. if everyone knows about all the drug trafficking the US has done then why hasn’t feds or whoever done anything. Same question goes to any other conspiracy or truth. Or is it bcuz everyone is all in on one big plan
Any meaning to these patterns? One of many odd things found via satellite on Jeffrey Epstein's private island
Marianne Williamson campaign uses fundraising email to help rival 2020 Democratic candidate
What a white minority America will look like: A Festival in former advanced American city of Detroit is racially discriminating against White people in admission fees.
Remember how close Trump and Clintons were from 1995 - 2005. Any one paying attention will not be surprised by Epstein’s connections.
Guys, here’s is more talk of magic. Can someone explain this to me.
[Meta] Any word on why Fuckaduck is no longer a mod here?
Why haven’t this video been posted here?
[meta] /r/worldpolitics is the new /r/conspiracy
Can someone eli5, when you zoom in, the top half is orange, bottom is blue, why is that?
The Naval Air Weapons installation at China Lake had an area the size of Rhode Island and was completely destroyed by the two earthquakes. It may have been a key center for chemtrail operations and weather modification. Everyone look to the skys tomorrow to see if this is true and report here!
Every video of this clip from Kindgartern cop has the comments disabled. It seems like YouTube may have automatically or manually disabled comments on every clip of this video because it goes against the modern agenda.
Bill Clinton Says Haiti Funds Didn’t Pay For Chelsea’s Wedding, Then Wikileaks DROPS A NUKE!
The Mayan Calendar did not end in 2012 (or 2011)
Did I just discover a deep-fake on YT in plain sight?
Favorite conspiracy ?
Vitamin C Doubles Effectiveness of Chemotherapy and Radiation
Humans have been on Earth for a long time
The storm is finally coming to DC..
DONT FORGET LIBYA: Remember when NATO destroyed Africa's most advanced civilisation in 2011 &amp; nobody cared? Vital infrastructure ruined, warlords have took over, Academia GDP &amp; womens rights have gone down the shitter, unrestricted mass male migration to Europe causing huge backlash, THEY DID THIS.
How Israeli spies are flooding Facebook and Twitter - Until Facebook, Twitter, Google and Silicon Valley’s other unaccountable social media giants take the threat of Israeli meddling seriously, the online “war” against Palestinan rights looks set to continue.
Disney astroturfing the front page as defensive PR
Bill Gates says Jobs was a wizard in getting staff to keep Apple alive
Google's anti-white algorithm (Try it) - Re-posting after getting removed ;)
Google's anti-white algorithm (Try it)
Like stonetear, Epstein will lead to nothing.
The movie conspiracy
Obama: Front Man for Washington's Imperialism
These earthquakes were tptb using their back doors into our own emf weapons systems and using it against us because we are not playing ball and going to war with Iran.
Netanyahu Compares Iran’s Uranium Enrichment Breach To Nazi March Into Rhineland
Question
Daughter of ex-FBI director James Comey is prosecutor in Epstein case
For those that thought my claim about compromising "DEEPFAKES" surfacing was Unsubstantiated..
Acosta defended lead Esptein prosecutor who was previously rebuked as soft on pedophiles
They are going to change the script and Michelle Obama will run for president.
Epstein’s pimp girlfriend, Ghislaine Maxwell, a very well-connected Brit socialite cannot just walk free. This woman is his pimp. She pilots planes to and from the island. I know because she told me. She is a sex trafficker.
I hope every secret withheld from us by the government is revealed within our lifetime
Jeffrey Epstein indictment unsealed at 9:00 am tomorrow (Monday). SDNY press conference at 11 am. Arraignment in the afternoon. Decent possibility that Epstein will enter the courtroom in cuffs and wearing orange.
Soros: Online Trump Supporters Will Be Entirely ‘Silenced’ By 2020
Blind Items Revealed #34. Jeffrey Epstein/Jimmy Savile/Pete Townshend/Prince Andrew
Study done on children who have been diagnosed as autistic but have never been vaccinated and their mothers never vaccinated during pregnancy?
Obvious Shilling - Blind Items from Hollywood abuse scandal
Psychopaths...the reason why the world is fucked up
Opening of Epstein Sex Case Files May Fuel Acosta Criticism
Man with knife chases people while hiking!
Deutsche Bank pulling out of equities. Quake, Epstein, and stocks. Is this it?
What is actually going on that we aren't paying attention to?
Spy Cables reveal Israel's Mossad tactics: Often employs "actual prostitutes" and photographs them with Palestinian sources "for potential blackmail leverage." What current event does this sound like?
stranger things in real life
This is not a conspiracy, just a heads up after the quakes.
Washington Post: Trump banned Epstein from his Mar-a-Lago Club in Palm Beach “because Epstein sexually assaulted an underage girl at the club,” Bradley Edwards, an attorney who represents three of the young women, said in court documents.
Girl almost gets beheaded in a human sacrifice ritual in India
Tesla’s pigeon: A Tender Love Story Between a Genius and a Bird.
Watch "Aldous Huxley (1958)" on YouTube
Why has not a single person done anything through all the bull-fucking-shit we have been putting up with?
African Union, that escalated quickly
I know it's politics, but why has MSNBC deliberately put Sanders below Harris and Warren?
So Epstein gets arrested and the next day a young Disney actors suddenly dies in his sleep?
Drawing conclusions: is anyone connecting dots between Epstein and the information that might follow being linked to the “envelope mystery” at H. W. Bush’s funeral?
Zodiakos (Zodiac Gemini And Cancer): The Circle of Holy Animals 3/11
Pizzagate, a Retrospective: Top comment mentions Epstein over 2 years ago
yahoo
I got banned from r/world news for this comment and now have messaged the mod in an attempt fight it! Did I say something wrong? It’s hilarious to me as my new music video called “Handle The Truth” is set to be released this week!
Have you Heared About Keto Diet contains Key Ketogenic Ingredients, Such as Raspberry Ketone, Green Coffee, Garcinia Cambogia and Green Tea, which all Help Support a Metabolic State of Ketosis and Natural Weight Loss.
Check point in the timeline - 7.1 earthquake
Lift the Veil: Discussing Epstein, Trump, Dershowitz and Maxwell. Also, is Isaac Kappy alive?
Where the clocks hands point as Godzilla goes on first rampage through New York (1998 Godzilla)
George Orwell saw a future where people's lives were under constant surveillance and monitoring, the only thing he didn't predict was that the people to be surveiled were the very ones who knowingly and voluntarily brought the surveillance devices into their lives.
U/redditor
I am a victim of Mk Ultra. AMA only tonight.
Why Israel Has No 'Right to Exist'
[Meta] Epstein
"Beyond Meat" (artificial meat) Is Beyond Unhealthy
Jeffrey Epstein is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations — Tulsi Gabbard is also a CFR member.
BILLIONAIRE JEFFREY EPSTEIN ARRESTED ON CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING
"Strange light on sky in Milton keynes, england on 06.07.2019" Seems to be a mass sighting, there's some videos floating around online from different perspectives.
Do you think it's possible that the recent earthquakes in California were really subterranean nuke detonations?
Were the steel columns of the WTC pre-filled with dust?
Christine Pelosi warns it's 'quite likely that some of our faves are implicated' in 'horrific' Epstein case.
Pillars of light appear in Sulu skies
What did Epstein do or didn't do for this to be happening now?
Ventura County music teacher charged for ejaculating on flutes and taking pictures of students using them.
WTH is happening at China Lake?
Is it just a coincidence that the recent earthquake epicenter was at China Lake AirBase?
California Earthquake 2019
It's extremely naive to think that Hitler, probably the highest self esteemed individual of his time, killed himself.
This doesn't seem like a normal father/daughter picture to me
Hmmmm🤔
Disney Star Cameron Boyce Dead at 20
‘Mentally Ill’ is a label given to people to discredit and belittle their ideas or actions.
How true do you think the rumors are that there is a big pedophilia ring in hollywood that the powerful and influential directors and producers are a part of ?
They don't call it the "deep" state for nothing. These tentacles go everywhere. Maurene Comey, James Comey's daughter, is prosecuting Jeffrey Epstein
Yes is a cartoon, but a powerful one. (More in comments)
Justin And Hailey Bieber?
Reparation turned South Africa into killing field of white people in 25 years. Kamala Harris
Same woman who told UK police in 2008 not to pursue Muslim rape gangs as girls "made an informed choice about their sexual behavior" to head Sandwell's children's services.
I worry nothing will really come out of the Epstein trial. I know he will probably go down. But it's unlikely they let others be exposed.
[META] As a former PsyOps Specialist (37F), this is important, and you need to read these.
That fabulous explanation for almost everything
UFOs are one conspiracy theory that Trump doesn't buy
New homeowner. Air conditioning unit tampered with by cooling company to get my business?
Constantly stating the same conspiracies as fake makes them seem more and more real
Atomic veterans talking about their experience in nuclear testing
Fact From Fiction
Video of Trump calling out Epstien years ago.
First Two POTUS Tweets After Epstein Arrest = Delta 9:23 minutes -- Q Drop 923 = They Made Many Current/Former Enslaved Children Famous
The NSA Spy Net and the All Seeing Eye are Real! - The US Government at its Private Contractors have the capability of spying on everyone everywhere - they can see into you home and know exactly where you are! Must Have Information!
American Patriotism is No A Conspiracy Theory
Repeat a lie often enough, and it becomes the truth.
What was this creature?
Chem trails marking the spot
New 9/11 Photos from Ground Zero
Conspiracy Discord?
Pedophile signifiers in Washington DC
Bill Clinton flew on Epstein’s plane 26 times &amp; on 5 of those flights managed to ditch the Secret Service — we all know if Hillary won in 2016 her DOJ would not be arresting Epstein right now. It took a Donald Trump Presidency for this to happen. B/c the Clinton Foundation is a likely CIA front.
To all of those people pulling the trigger and immediately blaming a certain President
Anyone have sources for what officials and or journalists exposed the Acosta plea bargain was done illegally?
About Epstein
Which conspiracy vloggers/YouTuber do you recommend?
Transcribing otherwise unreadable MKULTRA or other Declassified documents. POST REQUESTS
Jeffery Epstein Revisited from Crazy Days and Nights. Best Guesses: 1) Prince Andrew 2) Anderson Cooper 3) Bill Clinton 4) Kevin Spacey 5) Bryan Singer
PSA: If you want a clear view of Jeffrey Epstein's 'Little St. James Island' on Google Earth, set the date back to 2/5/2017. More details in post info.
The Simpsons have been predicting so much. Matt Groening could be a time traveler
How Isaac Kappy Knew About Epstein Arrest and Disclosure, Months In Advance.
Major subliminal messages and foreshadowing in new spider man movie
World War Z and Propaganda
Motorbike accident kills spaceboy Mandla Maseko just before becoming first black man to go to space
Need to remember the title of a book/name of a person potentially similar to Epstein
China’s Vanishing Muslims: Undercover In The Most Dystopian Place In The World (20190629) - Vice News
Found in the Tesla papers. This could have been big for mankind if true
What happened to Laura Loomer?
Dupont Family Heir gets PROBATION for RAPING A 3 YEAR OLD. Know who runs the country.
Netflix subliminal messages?
The World Jewish Congress is pushing US lawmakers to make mandatory in schools throughout the USA instruction in the propaganda which is the Zionist Narrative. It is already the law in California, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, and Rhode Island.
FIFTY8 - The Atomic Soul &amp; Spirit Spark
Q told us Epstein was trying to destroy evidence back in 2018. Too bad they allowed phones inside the temple and the NSA is full of patriots who hate pedophiles...they have it all lol.
Q told us he was trying to destroy evidence back in 2018. Too bad they allowed phones inside the temple and the NSA is full of patriots who hate pedophiles...
Saw this truck delivering to a sketchy corner shop, look at his shirt
They are erasing all posts about ufo sightings in Phoenix last night!
Prosecutor in 2009 Epstein Case Said Donald Trump Was the only one Who Helped Him In His Investigations. ""Only person (Trump) who picked up the phone and said "I'll give you as much time as you want i'll tell you what you need to know." And was very helpful in the information that he gave""
Stephen Hawking
Is CERN actually sketchy, or is it just a bunch of nonsense?
Former Disney executive Jon Heely child sex and exploitation case going to retrial.
Congressional Representative goes to the border and tells of horrid conditions. Leaders of the Hispanic community go to see for themselves, say the reports are not true. Media ignores them.
The US government did a drill 3 months before 911 that had Osama Bin Laden on the front cover. The scenario was a hijacking.
Mark Passio is live now: What On Earth Is Happening - Live Weekly Video Show
The Faults That Ruptured in Twin California Quakes Are Very, Very Weird, Geologists Say.
So Cameron Boyce, who’s only 20 passed away, because he had a “seizure”
5g - Downtown Greenville, SC
Teenage victim of grooming and rape speaks out. "Stories of how Kricfalusi sexually harassed female artists, including teenage girls, were known through the industry". Nickelodeon fired him for being late, not a pedophile.
"Guess Whose Daughter Is Reportedly a Prosecutor in Jeffrey Epstein Case" Non other than James Comey's daughter Maurene. What does this mean to the case?
The state of literally all you conspiracy theorists
Masses of dead bees showing up after the recent earthquakes in California
Our world today
A indepth investigation of "Maria" , Trumps supposed missing 12 year old victim.
Viacom &amp; Nickelodeon Child Abuse - Found a buried testimony of a child actor who was systematically groomed, abused and discarded by the corporation.
In regards to the 2019 Epstein case "Maurene Comey, the daughter of former FBI director James Comey, is one of the prosecutors, according to a source with knowledge of the case."
Spanish prosecutors claim migrant sex attack was not rape as victim 'did not fight back'
Child exploitation ring in Hollywood - underage victims recruited via systematic grooming, sudden violence, coercion into pornography - recruited from Hollywood entertainment industry, sex work, community sports and clubs, schools
A lawyer for one of Epstein’s victims says the only high powered person who helped them in 2009 as they began their pursuit for justice was Donald Trump. He talks about it at the 5:30 mark in this video. — this is why Democrats are scared.
Mental health exploitation. Pill Bills. Supported by Mind Control.
Epstein
Should we try to conquer evil?
Bradley Edwards defends Donald Trump in Jeffery Epstein case
7/7 Ripple Effect - NEW 3rd edition
The United States military Worships the Greek Gods
Spanish prosecutors claim refugee sex attack was not rape as victim 'did not fight back'
Miley Cyrus - Mother's Daughter (No Age Restriction!)
Weird story about Trump, Jeffrey Epstein, Deutsche Bank, a Russian Oligarch, and a 2004 real estate deal
Here is a very indepth investigation of "Maria" , Trumps 12 year old victim who disappeared.
Timmy Thick
Reincarnation Soul Trap
Short video documentary on the town of Pine Bush. For more than a century, residents of this tiny town in upstate New York, have seen strange things in the sky. After thousands of sightings, this quiet hamlet has come to be known as the UFO capital of the world.
The best televised interview, ever
Short video documentary on the town of Pine Bush. For more than a century, residents of this tiny town in upstate New York, have seen strange things in the sky. After thousands of sightings, this quiet hamlet has come to be known as the UFO capital of the world.
If DT was persuaded to increasingly act in a way to make the “anyone but him” vote likely, could the DNC et al nominate their own monster with relative confidence?
Here is what the white liberals &amp; Democrats/Media Matters/Correct the Record are really afraid of regarding Jeff Epstein — after the failure of the Russian collusion special council &amp; calling Mueller a hero. Mueller/Comey used Epstein as an FBI informant which is how he got the sweetheart deal.
Propaganda site Wired reveals itself as a policing tool of the corrupt system as it disseminates info for the Deep State and features the Atlantic Council's Ben Nimmo, a gatekeeper for Twitter and Facebook who has been proven to put out false information.
Just a heads-up: /r/pedogate is up to nearly 7000 subs, /r/satanicritualabuse is at around 800
Tempe, Arizona police officers say they were asked to leave Starbucks by an employee because a customer didn't feel 'safe' while they were present.
Massive Fire Spotted On Private Island Owned By Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein - The Clover Chronicle [jan 2019]
At what point do we consider American leftism the modern day form of oppression fueled by white supremacy?
Investigative reporter Mike cernovich responsible for Epstein arrest
Relatives' DNA Data Used to Arrest Suspect in 1990's Sex Crimes
Epstein Arrest is Limited Hangout -- They are Satanists!!
What are your thoughts on the sumerian kings list? Just a Myth/Legend or is there some truth to it?
I’m coming back to this post in 2 years. Test.
A friendly reminder to not pick “favorites” or politicize the Epstein arrest. Both Trump and the Clintons are connected to this man.
"Iron Lungs” are still around. They’re called "ventilators".
Jeffrey Epstein Rothschild connection
The FBI, CIA, MI5 and American Gov are responsible for international human and child trafficking
How long until other governments follow suit?
Hispanic Pastors Visit Border Facility Ripped By AOC, Say They Are 'Shocked By Misinformation’
U.S. set to meet with U.N. about moving forward against Iran
I am surprised I hadn't seen a vote about the NPVIC here yet.
I am surprised I haven't seen a post about the NPVIC here yet.
Trump, Epstein, the Clintons etc, and the recent warnings about DEEPFAKES.
Steve Wozniak Warns People to Get Off Facebook Over Privacy Concerns
"This Epstein case is horrific and the young women deserve justice. It is quite likely that some of our faves are implicated but we must follow the facts and let the chips fall where they may - whether on Republicans or Democrats."
Why is nobody reporting at this?
?
Youtube has removed 8 comments and over 20 likes from my 9/11 documentary
Watch Billionaire Sex-Offender Jeffrey Epstein Get Questioned About His "Egg-Shaped Penis"
Nothing to see here; just a giant Oculus (latin:eye) at the WTC that opens its Eye to The Sky on 9/11 every year.
Festival charges double ticket price for 'non-people of colour.' Remember, tolerance means being tolerant of racism against white people.
I noticed that when you really nail qanon on with facts his followers don't actually reply but simply down vote because they don't have a reply
The "third largest naval installation in the world by geographic area" is landlocked in the Midwest, USA, and almost entirely underground.
Watch Billionaire Sex-Offender Jeffrey Epstein Get Questioned About His "Egg-Shaped Penis"
Trump once praised 'terrific guy' Epstein who likes women 'on the younger side'
Bought Politicians - Craig Murray. On the blatant corruption of the ruling class in the UK and USA. Book deals with over generous advances that will never be covered by royalties. Speaking fees paid by finance industry. Straight up direct cash bribes.
Qanon is a corrupt fascist dictator that needs to be stopped
Important Announcement about the r/HongKong sub: It has been compromised by Chinese Agents.
They are attempting to normalize the drinking of children's blood. A company that will “Fill Your Veins With The Blood Of Young People” has opened 5 clinics in the US.
Add vitamin C to your baths to breakdown the chlorine and chloramine/mides.
DAVID GEFFEN (Hollywood Mogul, creator of Dreamworks): The last time any major publication wrote a negative article on Geffen was the mid-90's. Mark Ebner wrote about the "Velvet Mafia." I can't even find the article to link to. Anyone have a link to the article or has web been completely scrubbed?
The Idea of Reincarnation
5G kills
Eugenics, Infertility &amp; Population Growth Crisis. Over 60,000 Americans were sterilized in the U.S., in the name of eugenics, but it didn’t end there. The phenomenon of men’s sperm declining by 50% and infertility in females rapidly rising – stumps no one – they just won’t tell you the truth.
Disney hires convicted pedophile(s) to work on sets with children, who is in charge of "watching" them? Where is the accountability?
Video - Australian father receives a flu vaccine which gives him nerve damage, leaving him in constant excruciating pain. He can no longer move his neck and cannot focus his eyes properly - #vaccineswork
"We veered off the sane timeline ten years ago and ended up in the one where, in 2006, hedge fund billionaire and Clinton Global Initiative co-founder Jeffrey Epstein was arrested for hosting crazy sex parties with underage girls on his private island."
A Democratic congresswoman is sending staff to Mexico’s northern border town of Ciudad Juárez to find migrants returned from El Paso, Texas, under the “remain in Mexico” policy, then coaching them to pretend they cannot speak Spanish to exploit a loophole letting them to return to the U.S.
Basic Information on the Global Elite a.k.a. “The Shadow Government”
P1zza, Pedos, and Democrats. Bet these news were buried yesterday
Video - Australian father receives a flu vaccine which gives him nerve damage, leaving him in constant excruciating pain. He can no longer move his neck and cannot focus his eyes properly - #vaccineswork
How Hulk Hogan's War Against Gawker Was Funded By Peter Thiel -- Just As Gawker Started Covering Jeffery Epstein
Some Underground Bases Listed by State
A Secret Meeting to Plot War?
Past alleged victims of Epstein include a 15-year-old Mar-a-Lago employee. Past alleged co-conspirators include Bill Clinton, Alan Dershowitz and Prince Andrew. The architect of Epstein’s past federal sweetheart deal is current Trump administration labor secretary Alex Acosta.
A good pizza kiss
Russian interference in America’s elections happened on Obama and Biden’s watch. That’s irrefutable. Even CBS News admitted Obama knew about Russian meddling.
Ironic how Jefrey Epstien's private island is in the virgin islands.....
Review of Presidential first pitches show that a POTUS willing to do this is statistically 3x more likely than the general population to be left-handed. The Devil has been associated with left-handedness for thousands of years. Need I say more?
Stranger Things...The base for the demonic satanic evil... Ummmm.
Adrenochrome, Child Protective Services &amp; The Business Of Trafficking, Killing &amp; Selling The Blood Of Our Kids.
Ironic how Jeffree Epstien's private island is in the virgin islands.... lol
Which specific events in far history (not the last 20-30 years) do you think differ from the official narrative?
💋💋
Past alleged victims of Epstein include a 15-year-old Mar-a-Lago employee. Past alleged co-conspirators include Bill Clinton, Alan Dershowitz and Prince Andrew. The architect of Epstein’s past federal sweetheart deal is current Trump administration labor secretary Alex Acosta.
r/politics' completely non-biased headline regarding Epstein,
The Idea of Reincarnation
With this whole Epstein situation/possible smokescreen happening can I assume that some terrible bill is about to be passed which will affect us all, like some internet freedom baloney or some such thing?
What major history altering event do you think will happen next? Alien Disclosure, deep state disclosure, major climate disaster, AI crisis accelerates, war, medical miracle, recession, UBI, sudden spontaneous mass enlightenment, or something else?
Trees Vs. Methane: The IPCC Conspiracy
HOW!? WHY!? WAY TOO MUCH!
Why did it crash? Seven killed in Bahamas helicopter crash
Interesting that the news has been flooded by articles about deepfakes the weeks leading up to the Epstein arrest
There is some weird rabbit hole in the internet from some weird pedophiles.
Israeli government minister takes credit for 27 U.S. states passing anti-BDS laws. Israel gloats over its manipulation of the United States.
The worldwide crackdown on pedophiles continues with the largest bust ever in Norway! Norwegian police have uncovered yet another network of pedophiles, this one operating with such advanced technology that they went undetected for the past 20 years.
Jeffrey Epstein charged with sex trafficking. Now will all the secrets come pouring out the woodwork?
When a member of Congress was accused of sexual harassment, the case went to a secret court known as the Office of Compliance. Hidden from public view, Congress's Office of Compliance paid out over $17 million for 264 settlements involving misconduct and sexual harassment. Unseal the deals!
Investigating Hollywood Pedophiles
Does anyone have the pic of anon calling that many Hollywood and political figures will be arrested for pedophilia?
H1dden Origins of the C(ounter)I(ntelligence)A(gency) CIA and international banking cartels
Prediction: Jeffrey Epstein Will Mysteriously Die Before Ever Going To Jail
Prediction: Jeffrey Epstein Will Mysterously Die Before Ever Going To Jail
Alien Orbs crashing on earth?
The Secrets of Silicon Valley: What Big Tech Doesn’t Want You to Know
We are being mocked for being correct once again.
Spider monster drags the bee, it is the most dangerous spider in the world
Nancy Pelosi's daughter warns some big Democrats are about to go down.
Code Enforcement Chaos for Gentrification and Demonization of Aritists
Hacked my phone in 1 hour
It seems like the only reason that Epstein is being taken in now is so they can drag Trump along with him.
I cant find the video anymore of the woman who had been sexualy abused in a castle in France by politicians and such, does anybody have a link?
European Central Bank to Be Evacuated as Massive World War II Bomb Set to Be Defused in Frankfurt
Florida , stranger things
Forgive me if I’m overlooking something, but I just posted about r/politics in r/unpopularopinion and it’s not showing up in their feed.
Texas Independents
I just did a search. How do we not have the shape of the earth sorted even here? The "debate" goes like this, large bodies of water are level on the surface, always. There are no exceptions. Most of earth is covered in such water.
This is incredibly reaching, but Disney Channel Star Cameron Boyce died
CIA shoots mother &amp; infant out of sky. A 9 year investigation uncovers those involved lied to CIA director. (X-Posted from user: aaylmao11022)
I want to hear different opinions on this Epstein/Trump thing
Stay woke
Has anyone got any theories in regard to how looking at the screen on your phone can mess up your vision and leave you needing glasses?
Googled “Jeffrey Epstein” and Google showed results plus what “People Also Search For”. Happy to see people searching for the usual suspects. People are waking up and connecting the dots. The pedophiles will be brought to justice!
New research shows reasons for developing autism. Hint-It’s not vaccines
Epstein and nzivm
The Ties That Bind Jeffrey Epstein, William Barr &amp;amp; Donald Trump
In light of this whole Epstein thing, it would behoove people to take a listen to this THC episode
Trump's longtime friend Jeffrey Epstein arrested for sex trafficking minors in Florida, New York
Is it really any surprise that treatment centers who profit off of minor marijuana convictions are coming out against local legalization efforts?
What Holly Holm Should have to beat Amanda Nunes! (FULL FIGHT BREAKDOWN)
Interesting info regarding the Epstein Trump connection
Epstein locked up!!!! Slick Willie took 26 trips aboard the Lolita Express to pedophile island including ditching his Secret Service detail for 5 of them. What's next who is going to be added to the #clintonbodycount? Also the cremation of care is happening!! What are you doing to help end it? Ftp!!
Sandy Hook Parents Score a Win in Growing Fight Against Hoaxers
Is there a way to tell if this video has been edited since it’s original release? (Joe Rogan podcast #911 - Alex Jones)
She was only 13 when she had her first sexual encounter with Trump at the Jeffrey Epstein mansion
Conspiracy theory: NASA Challenger disaster was Soviet sabotage, Chernobyl disaster was American sabotage. Both in 1986
Fusion GPS Tried And Failed To Link Trump To Jeffrey Epstein
Spider monster drags the bee, it is the most dangerous spider in the world
Donald Trump &amp; Jeffrey Epstein Rape Lawsuit and Affidavits
Remember Trump Was Co-Defendants with EPSTEIN in a Child Rape Case and Flew on Epstein's Lolita Express At Least Once.
Did anyone in Southern California get a emergency broadcast test on their cellphone a couple days before the earthquake?
I have something to tell you that you will not like, but I must tell you because I love you. (repost for my conspiracy bros
Is it really any surprise that treatment centers who profit off of minor marijuana convictions are coming out against local legalization efforts?
Don't politicize child sex trafficking. Dennis Hastert, REPUBLICAN, was a pedophile. Bill Clinton travelled with Epstein, without Secret Service. Protecting children isn't about "scoring points" against "the other side."
strange creature got into the frame in the forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in the shot of strange creature, this creature does not like animals, it's probably gnome or some mysterious creature living in the forests. the height of this creature is about one meter
Remember Trump Was Co-Defendants with EPSTEIN in a Child Rape Case and Flew on Epstein's Lolita Express At Least Once.
Trump had been planning to take Epstein down from the beginning
Question: Why are secret government documents declassified?
Ugh she is the devil's concubine
For the newbies, it's all here just have a read - Fully Sourced Executive Summary of Pizzagate Evidence
Newly released book outlines how America will end.
I think Obama spent about $65,000 of the tax-payers money flying in pizza/dogs from Chicago for a private party at the White House not long ago, assume we are using the same channels?
I just saw an add on my Facebook for a medical study “...for those who feel they’re unable to control their thoughts.” Creepy shit.
Attorney Bradley Edwards Explains the Latest on Jeffrey Epstein's Prosecution
Aside from normalization of war altogether, how many instances of pro-nuclear bomb/use normalization have we seen in children’s cartoons/shows? Clips/scenes that make light of one of the most deadly weapons in history. Isn’t it weird how often we joke about nuking food instead of microwaving, etc?
Did Anne Frank survive the holocaust?
A woman who claims in a lawsuit that she was lured into a sex-trafficking ring run by billionaire Jeffrey Epstein contends that the depravity began at a Florida resort now known as the winter White House: Mar-a-Lago.
What's up with Epstein?
Almost a Third of World's Top VPNs Are Secretly Owned By Chinese Firms, Study Finds
Q.
Nasrallah: US-backed Axis Defeated, We Have Enough Missiles to Redraw the Map of the Middle East
This is going to sound silly, but bacon is not that good.
For proof of Facebook censorship: here is insights on my page has reached over the course of a few months
The Great Replacement of ethnically European peoples and cultures by foreign populations through mass migration and birth rates is being bragged about by the same faction of snaketongued Machiavellians who called it a "racist conspiracy theory"
Rich and powerful mystery man seeks to keep the Epstein case files sealed at the last minute
r/news taking a stand on Epstein story
Kid Stew - local Florida PBS kids show
Hillary Clinton has pulled out as keynote speaker for a cybersecurity conference, with organizers saying in an email she couldn't participate due to an "unforeseen circumstance."
I've never seen this ad before. Watched Prince of Bel-Air for the first time today on Netflix. Then this pops up.
Since we’re talking about strange natural disaster phenomena... what about a tornado that doesn’t move the same day as the 7.1 earthquake?
$100 says Alex Acosta resigns within 48 hours.
Let’s see if all the recent major events that occurred over this long holiday weekend will drown out the Epstein coverage.
Trump Replacing Bolton with anti-interventionist Col. Doug Macgregor?
Something very noticeable with epstein arrest
In 1994, a 13 year old accused Donald Trump and Jeffrey Epstein of brutally raping her, here are the affidavits. Read 9, 10, and 11
Trump, Epstein and the FBI-NYPD
Regarding Epstein and Trump
DARPA (agency of the U.S. DoD) is funding research into storing data on small molecules the size of ~10 hydrogen atoms. They had a breakthrough last week and can now encode simple images onto them. DARPA is interested in it because the data can survive for millions of years in extreme environments.
"You're Nuts. Chemtrails Don't Exist"
Not sure if posted already I couldn't see it with my shitty phone ..but I found this article interesting. "Received an unusually light sentence.." I believe the billionaire's connections go to both sides of the political spectrum and to people behind that who are pulling the strings..
He Save
FBI: Mueller Struck Deal To Free Billionaire Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein
Epstein has video proof of powerful people raping children, he isn’t going anywhere
For the first time in a very long time I'm absolutely stunned. Jeffrey Epstein has been arrested. This goes against EVERYTHING we've been accustomed to in regards to the people that rule this world. What the actual fuck happened?
Jussie Smollett: Sweet Schadenfreude Unfolds in Slow Motion
Election Night Meltdown Videos
Jfc
I could have sworn this guy got arrested years ago?
Natacha Jaitt, Isaac Kappy, Avicii, Andrew Breitbart, Sen. Linda Collins-Smith. What do they all have in common?
Amazon Seeks Permission to Launch 3,236 Internet Satellites
Mani pulite (Italian for "clean hands") was a nationwide investigation into political corruption in Italy in the 1990s, resulting in the demise and disappearance of many political parties. As many as 5,000 public figures fell under suspicion and more than half of Parliament were under indictment
Jeffrey Epstein Arrested For Sex Trafficking of Minors On Saturday.
Media Blackout on NAWCAD
260% increase in vaccines given to US children since 1983; 414% increase since 1950
Little hip hops: angel
Are the elite trying to erupt Yellowstone?
Getting pizza ads non stop while reading Epstein article.
Jeffrey Epstein arrested in New York, charged with sex trafficking
27
You have been lied to about ethnicity and intelligence
Donald Trump calls out Bill Clinton Jeffrey Epstein's 'Pedophile Island'
Jeffrey Epstein, a politically connected financier, was arrested in New York on sex trafficking charges, sources tell NBC 4 New York. Epstein is expected to appear in federal court in Manhattan on Monday, two law enforcement officials said. Spokesmen for the FBI declined to comment.
Fire is a unique element that only comes from our earth
Are drag kids, certain pride parades, transgenderism, etc part of an organized effort to discredit the left?
Jeffrey Epstein arrested
Strange things in the Desert
To those of you who believe in the New World Order conspiracy theory, where do China and Russia fit in?
The CIA keeps a record on the dissenters. This isn't a new thing.
Weekly JQ Discussion Thread
Can Bears Predict Earthquakes?
Jeffrey Epstein Arrested For Sex Trafficking of Minors: Sources
All these recent explosions are suspicious to me.
Completely off the wall theory about Trumps announcement and Pence's mysterious return.
Epstein Finally Arrested for Sex Trafficking
Artificial Super-Intelligence for Dummies (easy to understand)
Is there Biblical Proof of Two Gods speaking in the Old Testament?
/r/AntisemitismInReddit is a sub dedicated to brigading and censoring other subs, not unlike /r/TopMindsofReddit. Why aren't /r/AntisemitismInReddit posters required to use NP links, instead of directly linking to the posts they want brigaded?
Jeffrey Epstein Arrested For Sex Trafficking of Minors: Sources
Jeffrey Epstein Arrested For Sex Trafficking of Minors
If Bush attempted to assassinate President Reagan as some might speculate, why would he pick a family friend with obvious connections to himself to be the one to do it?
In have seen a lot of stuff on Tesla.
Okay guys, I'm sorry.
The Group Responsible For All Of Our Troubles [Soph]
Barrett Brown is now suspended from Twitter for posting proof he didn't rape a woman. FBI informants who went after him in 2012 say he did. He posted an email screenshot where she admits she lied. He was suspended for 12 hours, then he posted a shot of the notice and was banned.
Interesting. Makes me wonder what else Disney knows / hides.
Found on Google Maps 20mi N of China Lake
October 11, 2019: It is time you learned the truth.
The internet is not what you thought it was - "The Secrets of Silicon Valley: What Big Tech Doesn't Want You to Know" - Yet another masterful presentation by Mr. James Corbett - 20190705
China Lake Facility evacuated following second earthquake - Are they trying to move any potential witnesses out of the Area?
After that earlier post about that oddly shaped lake in China Lake, regarding the earthquakes. I'm curious, what is that perfect circle southwest of the lake/reserve?
Dutchsinse- youtube earthquake forecaster- just doxxed/swatted
Youtube content erased?
The Real Reason They Hate Nuclear Is Because It Means We Don't Need Renewables
Conspiracy based discord server 18+
Video removed.
The face of 5g - GREENVILLE, SC
"Climate Change" is Bullshit. The ClimateGate Emails.
Black mermaids, racist nike shoes, does anybody really truly care about this or is it subliminal marketing and advertising?
Mysteriously disappeared from the front page and removed from r/news.
Project Cern Shiva and Satan
Okay guys back to business
I'm starting to lose confidence in conspiracies
CERN SHIVA AND SATAN PARTICLES OF DESTRUCTION AND DECEIT
Hey this is a discord server for conspiracies spirituality and everything in between it's called the nexus
Hypocrisy Surrounding Hip Hop
Does anyone know anything about this 9/11 Pentagon video showing what looks like a missile? (this is not the security cam one)
Why does twitter notify you about comments that are replies of yours getting upvoted or retweeted?
[Meta] Regarding History, UFO's, Ancient structures ++. -John Jensen had a perspective I'd like to get your take on;
A meta-analysis of the 'Erasing race' effect in the US
Real subjugation is when they scare you into no longer protecting little girls. 6 migrants who gang raped 14 year old girl gang set free from a Barcelona court. Uncle of girl loses it outside of court. Several police wrestle him to protect migrant rapists.
Dog owners in North America panic over FDA report.
Illuminati Causes Whistle Blower to Lose Job and Fìance?
2 dozen Dallas officers disciplined over offensive posts. The leftist Plain View Project is encouraging job loss as a censorship tactic for wrongthink.
STRANGE CREATURE GOLLUM SCARED THE HUNTER IN THE WOODS AZERBAIJAN. Hunter in the morning went to the forest for a walk in the forest of Azerbaijan, at the bottom of the tree bushes accidentally saw the head of a strange creature like Gollum
Government Been Hiding The Truth On These Sky Sounds
The Real New World Order? (Dead or Alive?)
No free speech allowed in Canada. Former chiropractor ordered to pay $100K, for not agreeing with state dogma.
CA QUAKE &amp; ITALY VOLCANO | EARTH IS WOBBLING AS GIANT BODY ECLIPSES
The Secrets of Silicon Valley: What Big Tech Doesn't Want You to Know (Corbett Report)
China Lake - This is the REAL epicenter of the earthquakes. So the millennium falcon "look-alike" makes a great story but... truth be told... its location is completely wrong compared to the scientific data, it is literately 16 miles away! The true epicenter is an airport, as ive proved! hmmm.....?
Can we really live longer than 120yrs old?
911 - An Architects Guide - WTC7 Analysis Webinar, Dec 2018
‘Weaponizing human rights’: UN chief Bachelet’s Venezuela report follows US regime change script
In case you didn't know...
Anyone realise anything interesting about what he is wearing? Blatantly obvious puppet.
Proof of Reddit "False Flag" to Make Opposition Look Bad
STRANGE CREATURE GOLLUM SCARED THE HUNTER IN THE WOODS AZERBAIJAN. Hunter in the morning went to the forest for a walk in the forest of Azerbaijan, at the bottom of the tree bushes accidentally saw the head of a strange creature like Gollum. strange creature looked at the hunter and began to move
The Illuminati Is Rael
Cant find footage of trump parade
Red Bull confirms Moon Landing is a hoax!
The Bible Predicts Nuclear Weapons
Need help finding proof of a creepy television broadcast interruption
The number 4 in China is unlucky. This post about a slipping and falling sign in china had 444 karma, coincidence?
The Truth About What Is Happening On This Planet - this is the most important conspiracy video you will ever watch - the truth about what is really happening on this planet and why there is so much insanity. It may already be too late! Not Safe for Sheeple
The Russian invasion
Gnome scared American tourist in the forest. a tourist was traveling in the woods with a camera in the tree saw a mysterious dwarf creature
Gwyneth Paltrow cant remember a co-star or a movie she had a minor roll in
Can Someone Explain...
Can anyone tell me something about this? It is at China Lake base and I've never seen anything like it.
Is The USA Government Pushing For Escalating Civil Unrest?
Gnome scared American tourist in the forest. a tourist was traveling in the woods with a camera in the tree saw a mysterious dwarf creature
Florida Mall Explosion a Gas Leak??
Act.IL an Israeli propaganda app used to shill, lie, and mass report for Israel
How did we go from Occupy Wall Street in 2011, to Antifa in 2019?
Gnome scared American tourist in the forest
Strange Walls Found Deep Underwater Along The Coast Of Antarctica
Is there anything about “human factory”?
Las Vegas/Henderson area chemtrail photos. I saw in the earthquake post that this sub has some Vegas residents, so join this discussion!
Trump doesn't want to get into UFOs?
Mystery over US warning about Irish music festival (upcoming false flag?)
The US Government looks to recuperate investment in El Chapo.
Can someone link me to the thread that explained the JFK assassination?
Firmilabs / Stanford / Antarctica - deep underground neutrino experiments (DUNE)
Hmm someone trying to silence the Dutch ?? Is there something bigger going on that media and others don’t want us to know regarding earthquakes?
Edgar Cayce reading reveal Atlantis is in the Bimini islands where the Bimini road was discovered and all locations he says they migrated is where haplogroup X DNA is found
Cops Escalate—Family Terrorized, Dog Killed (yes, lots of conspiracy here)
Charles Manson admitted he was also the frontman of The Process
Made sense to me
Naval weapon base China Lake evacuated except for certain military. They must think or know another earthquake is going to happen.
Aluminum levels in vaccine are based on immune efficacy and ignore body weight for safety
July events
Stick wit me, we are fighting global warming because it is melting the polar ice caps, if the polar ice caps (ice walls) melt, it will show that the earth is flat
Anyone else?
Does anyone else think there's a link between the push for universal health care and 5g?
The Mandela effect and the barenstein bears
Nikola Tesla documents released by the FBI
Bot designed to spark outrage and division over Black Ariel casting
Vegan grocery store owner attempts to murder customer over milk. Hashtag healthy and normal.
CIA shoots mother &amp; infant out of sky. 9 year investigation uncovers those involved lied to CIA director.
STORM AREA 51
The majority of Americans strongly dislike PC culture
Earthquakes
Navy’s China Lake base closed, assessing damage after 6.4 magnitude earthquake
Reddit is controlled by Jews
Water: The Key to New Energy: Cavitating Electrolyzers &amp; Zero-Point Energy - Moray B. King presentation
strange creature got into the frame in the forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in the shot of strange creature, this creature does not like animals, it's probably gnome or some mysterious creature living in the forests. the height of this creature is about one meter
Race switching movies (Mega post)
Chemtrails..
Soros: Online Trump Supporters Will Be Entirely ‘Silenced’ By 2020
Five years ago chemtrails were associated with tin foil tats. Now its common knowlede what's being done. Scientists are Making it rain in Abu Dhabi and people in rural America are wondering why they a have checkerboard sky.
#chaplygin #чаплыгин
strange creature got into the frame in the forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in the shot of strange creature, this creature does not like animals, it's probably gnome or some mysterious creature living in the forests. the height of this creature is about one meter
anyone else see a link between incels and transgenderism?
What if we can't see or hear the aliens because they are 4D beings and we are just being watched and laughed at by them at how inferior and dumb we are?
Alien on board !
The government is going to seize $12,666,191,701,00 of El Chapo's illegally obtained funds.
Who actually killed Tupac Shakur ? ?(u guys believe this is true ??)
5.0 triggered above ground 3 minutes before 7.1 quake
The propaganda machine drives on
Top VPNs secretly owned by Chinese firms
As we get closer to the election, the Reddit front page algorithm will slowly start showing more fightporn and violent images.
Framgate
I am kinda freaking out about these earthquakes man
Does Wikipedia's page on conspiracy theories fit in with their own editorial guidelines?
Doctor says that frequencies created by cell phone towers increase the chances of diabetes. She also says frequencies of 2.4 GHZ intense exposure to rats induced cancers. 5G ranges from 1-28ghz.
What for you is "The Matrix"?? Explain in your own words!...
Stranger things Season 3 feels like an advert for democracy and anti Russian.
Does anyone notice the obvious “A” carved into the left side of the landscape near China Lake? What is it? This image was from the news right after the second quake.
Russia funded Facebook and Twitter investments through Kushner investor
For those who didnt see, this is found at China Lake near the epicenter of the earthquakes. Courtesy of Google Maps in Satellite mode.
Who is she?
Pacific plate moving, watch out California if the pressure doesn't move east
Oct 1 Las Vegas Route 91 Attack - I think the John Hoover channel is amazing. I've watched his videos since the beginning, and I highly recommend watching as many videos as you can. I am convinced this was a rogue Saudi Arabia group within their SANG program. So much proof SA was involved.
I CHALLENGE THE WORLD.... DEBATE ME.... or bow before me.... I am not wrong.!
Racism is child's play for deceived people
Internet pedophile ring
Wondering if there's anything fishy about the reasons "why" for all the violence in Hollywood movies.
Zuckerberg’s Theft of Social Media
EVIL GOVERNMENT?!
Stranger Skies Ahead
Antifa Are Mostly Privileged White Male Extremist Psychopaths
"Our most difficult problem is not our competitors, it is the Federal Reserve!" Presidents get killed for this kind of talk...
Alien Statue Like Buddha Found In Mexico
What's going on with Iran?
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature
bro this might be real
Elon musk is an evil salmon person
MoA - On Eve Of 4th Of July Parade U.S. Attempts To Lure Iran Into Shooting Down Another U.S. Plane
Anyone else see this article/ picture of the X-37b this guy took?
Is there a connection between the separation of families at the US borders and the separation of Uighur families in China?
I want you to look into the glowing eye phenomenon associated with the elites/TPTB. Share what your able to find.
U.S. death rates from suicides, alcohol and drug overdoses reach all-time high
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
Migrant thug mobs in the 100s are raping &amp; terrorising public pools across Western Europe. There has been nearly NO reporting of this in English language newspapers. "What we don't know keeps the contracts alive and movin, they don't gotta burn the books they just remove 'em"
"The Initial Splits and Initial Programming Done at CHINA LAKE": Fritz Sprinmeier. China Lake is also at the epicenter of the recent CA quakes.
"THE INITIAL SPLITS &amp; INITIAL PROGRAMMING DONE AT CHINA LAKE, CA.": Fritz Springmeier. Also the epicenter of the recent CA quakes.
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
The Lies We Are Being Told About the White Helmets
Millionaire businessman 'granted secrecy over sexual harassment claims'
Yup, all is safe on the front page. No bias. No moderation influencing votes. All is normal.
Canada is going to be a testing ground for a "meatless world"
Is this a conspiracy ??????
In the wake of all the Earthquake posts, let me remind everyone that Nikola Tesla demonstrated his “Earthquake Machine” in NY over 100 Years ago.
Acana and Origen food is killing our animals
Flight 370 Black Box Message
Former Lover Exposes Eric Schmidt
Not sure where to put this but the last thing this account posted was about fearing he might die after viewing a hit man website on the dark web. His last comment was on that post replying to someone 3 years ago.
There will never be another world war.
California earthquakes or something else?
In Hollywood, do people who want to achieve fame really go through rituals and join the Occult?
The Government has stopped repairing roads for a reason
A subreddit talks about which sub to "invade" next...
Latest Earthquakes
A small subreddit talking about "invading" other subs...
Potholes have stopped being repaired by the Government. (Reupload with Submission Statement)
I'm unable to live a good life
Russian Roulette With Mother Nature
Steve Lookner on Agenda-Free TV is running a earthquake livestream right now. 7.1 near Ridgecrest CA about an hour ago
Potholes aren't being fixed by the Government for a reason (Reupload with submission statement)
Fox commentators recently identified Tulsi, of all Democrats™ candidates, as the biggest threat to Trump in 2020. (I've been saying it since Tulsi announced: Tulsi is the *only* candidate that would beat Trump.)
Don’t ya think it’s weird how the govt had a g20 meeting and weeks later Cali had 2 earthquakes in a row?
Unpopular thought but I'm beginning to think the human race can only exist with very few greedy people in control of everything. If people who are in control are taken down then the human experience pushes just a few to take their place and control you.
List of July 4th oddities
7.1 earthquake hits Southern California, a day after strongest quake in the region in 25 years
“Good Guys” And “Bad Guys” Are A Hollywood Illusion - The notion that we ourselves might be the real agents of change in this world is downplayed by the propagandists who fear a surge in populism more than they fear anything else in this world.
Help Preserve Conspiracy Sub by Downloading it .. But How?
Project Plowshare
Elton John shamelessly lifts Spice Girls outro
Another huge earthquake in California. Not in LA like reported previously, but in China Lake. This one M6.9. A day after a M6.4, which was the biggest earthquake in California in the past 20 years. This isn’t a natural earthquake.
So my friend thinks that the light flashing in the sky is not lightning and is a “glitch” I have a video but what do you guys think?
Another Earthquake Near Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake, then we have a Reddit Outage
Yesterday 6.4, Today 7.1. Same epicenter for these earthquakes.
Potholes aren't being fixed on purpose
Help finding a video
10 Earthquakes with Ridgecrest Epicenter in 2 days
For the love of god. Please, can we not have a ton of threads here bitching about the little mermaid not being white? Its going to be a bunch of pissing and moaning about how butthurt they are that they switched up your precious Disney characters, with a flimsy connection to some “anti white agenda”
"...so that the sum of chaos might be attained."
Did an IR camera take a picture of my wife?
Weird stuff, fear of electronic weapons (possibly related to gang stalking)...
Trump's New Afghanistan Strategy: Windfall for the Military-Industrial Complex​
Germany threatens journalist with prison for speaking about Palestine
Border Patrol Chief Thoroughly Debunks AOC's Lies
Suicides are caused by society. They don't "just happen".
Emma Vigeland asks a Trump supporter if Joe Biden is a socialist and why. The response is....interesting.
The Secrets of Silicon Valley: What Big Tech Doesn't Want You to Know - Corbett Report
Paris in 1900s video
Big spray
World feels weird, ever since Fall/winter of last year.
Did anything every come out of those 2400 pictures of 9/11 that were bought at that yard sale?
The Illuminati: Masonic Societies In Eighteenth-century Europe By Manly P. Hall 2/5
President Trump gets asked about UFO's
Senator asks industry experts for facts on 5G safety (5min video)
Sasha Daygame interviews Beth Tzigany on sex-relations and she drops atomic redpills. Most redpill thing I've ever seen from a 'public' figure.
Trump could be the worst president in regards to free speech if he closes down Pennsylvania Avenue Plaza after the flag burning incident on July 4th. He has already restricted public space there from 25 feet to 5 feet, it just shows you how much he hates the 1st Amendment.
Rothschild reveals crucial role his ancestors played in the Balfour Declaration and creation of Israel
Feb 2019 in the UK, Tommy Robinson an anti muslim rape gang activist released a documentary showing footage of BBC staff working with a farleft group to falsely accuse him of sexual assault. Within 24HRs of releasing it, All social media accounts he had were banned and the footage was delisted.
The Madness of Large Hats Conspiracy
[Meta] Are u/Flytape and u/Magnora7 the most public r/conspiracy users of all time?
When asked by Tucker Carlson if he believes UFOs exist, Trump responded with: "I'm not a believer, but you know, I guess anything is possible."
I’m just going to leave this here...WTF.
‪Top 5 Conspiracy Theories That Turned Out To Be True‬‏ - whatweknow
We're about to find out if the "Film editor from Fox News" was telling the truth.
Anyone know where I can find this movie? It used to be on Netflix. I figured this would be the right place to ask also.
The end of the world is approaching sooner than you’d think.
Bladder cancer infected and eliminated by a strain of the common cold virus, suggests a new study, which found that all signs of cancer disappeared in one patient, and in 14 others there was evidence cancer cells died. The virus infects cancer cells, triggering an immune response that kills them.
Coolest/Wettest January-June On Record In The US
According to a Fox "editor" who leaked the questions, Trump is about to admit to UFO's being real in this interview that is on right now.
Swedish author Björn Ranelid: "We lived in outdated apartments and many families were poor, but none of my hundreds of acquaintances friends and playmates burned cars, robbed old people or wore weapons". Sweden's government refuses to collect demographic data on ethnicity and crime.
Why do we have to wait 2 weeks to find out what Pence's "emergency" was?
San Francisco to paint over George Washington mural!
How would you react if Trump told the nation that aliens are real, he's seen them, and we need to prepare for intergalactic war using recently disclosed Space Force tonight?
UFO Mothership ejecting fleet of spheres May 2009, two different cameras/angles, more in comments.
The Secrets of Silicon Valley: What Big Tech Doesn't Want You to Know [Corbett Report]
UK ISP group names Mozilla 'Internet Villain' for supporting 'DNS-over-HTTPS' | ZDNet
President Trumps announcement.
Reference below:
Trashtag was paid for by plastics industry
My phone overheated and then I get this ad on Instagram 20 minutes later. Coincidence?
Dershowitz v. Boies: Jeffrey Epstein case unleashes war between two legal Goliaths
My Coverage / Take on Miley Cyrus's Demonic &amp; Satanically Filled Ritual Video
If you don’t understand the concept of “order out of chaos,” then you’ll never understand a thing
The term "African-American" is a federal government term that is described as "Property"
Miley Cyrus's Mother's Daughter Music Video is a Satanic Ritual
Appears maybe Kern County Fire got their advance earthquake warning directly from the China Lake base. Plot thickens?
Freemasonry and Washington D.C.'s Street Layout
Every Public Library Hosting a Drag Queen Story Hour Has jews on its Board
Green Laser Flashes-
Was the earthquake caused by a launch or some other program ?
Do snuff films exist in Hollywood?
Daenerys did nothing wrong (HBO’s Game of Thrones)
Spike in crime blamed on prop 47. Basically legalized shoplifting.. and the state wonders why small business are going under..
End game for the New World Order
Red Hair and Multiple Personality Disorder (Dissociative Identity Disorder), Ritual Abuse
Take a look at the tags instagram (automatically) puts on photos posted on the platform
Spider monster drags the bee, it is the most dangerous spider in the world
People like to blame Trump for Puerto Rico but news suggests the banks sabotaged the country.
Vatican Resurrection Statue in "Serpent Head" Hall, when mirrored, reveals something even more sinister than the in plain site image itself.
Why are white American liberals so hypocritical?
Georgetown Prof Compares Betsy Ross Flag To Swastika And KKK Cross
Quite interesting...
San Francisco legalizes shoplifting. Another measure to put small business out of business.
These quakes weren't in LA, or San Bernardino. They were on China Lake Military Base...
D.C. Council decriminalizes Metro fare evasion: ‘I’m sad that’s Metro’s losing money, but I’m more sad about what’s happening to black people.’ Metro said the measure would lead to financial losses and increased crime, an argument activists and council members rejected.
What would your job be when joining the evil?
4th July
During WW2, the Nazis were using futuristic weaponry in combat but destroyed them when they realized they were losing.
Please read my latest blogpost. Did World War 3 Almost Start July 1, 2019? (Yes)! Thanks.
Regarding the Disney future film Ariel where instead of casting a redhead white girl they cast a brunette dark skinned girl. Do not forget, they do it on purpose to trigger a response AND then accuse you of racism
You read it here first. Watch the news tomorrow night
Chupacabra discovered in Texas, Americans in shock
Why nobody is rising up (everyone is addicted to porn)
Why almost nobody is fighting back (Porn addiction)
The Jewish Question with Rabbi Michael Laitman &amp; Professor Kevin MacDonald
Yet another thing matt groening has predicted
The moon is haunted
Vaccines and autism link
Tommy Robinson has been found in contempt of court
TIL: There's a Pit Bull Lobby - Manipulating research, publications, pressuring politicians, combating regulations... All in the pursuit of ensuring you have access to the most dangerous breed.
Please help support Rick Miracle Truth Seeker and toss his new Brighteon page some views!
Trump doesn't read his speeches before he makes them and is fed idiotic things to say by his aides.
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
How are you gonna feel when the UN steps in and takes over?
Is there a website that is an alternative to reddit (read: less censored by companies/governments) other than 4chan where people can freely discuss things?
A Fox News Editor leak about Tucker/Trump UFO interview
Sri Lanka curbs Saudi influence to end wahhabism. In America, I've only seen Bernie sanders and Tulsi Gabbard bring this issue up. Wahhabism and zionism need to be bigger issues in 2020.
What is the Psyop of the modern left/right paradigm?
Why Israel wants Iran destroyed
Autism is caused by many factors. This allows the vaccine industry to "honestly" say that "vaccines dont cause autism" even though many of the autism cases have indeed been caused by vaccines. Semantics vs Science.
What if air is poisonous and that’s why everyone dies?
One of my Friends Runs a Pirate Radio Station Where He talks about Conspiracies, Now I have A White Van Watching Me After I Texted Him Some Topics to Talk About
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
There is a conspiracy to kill philosophy. They don't want enlightenment and a public that exams things deeply about nature, self, and society. Blindly consume and argue within the Overton Window.
Why does weed make you crave junk food?
Can anyone give me a TLDR on evidence of reptilians?
Labouring Under Antisemitism - Norman Finkelstein about Corbyn
Scientists Attempting to Open Portal to Parallel Universe In Tennessee
I just found the collapse of the Twin Towers sequenced on US currency issued before 9/11/2001.
Trump adds mystery to why Mike Pence canceled trip: Says VP Recall Was Due To "A Problem Up There" Referring to New Hampshire. Discuss
On a documentary watching spree
Pakistanis in Chungking Mansion/Wan Chai?
I always thought 9/11 Truthers were nut jobs, until the other day I took the time to actually look into it.
Who was that line for?
Who Created ISIS ? And why?? (Deception)
Questions about "TT´s"
The Secrets of Silicon Valley: What Big Tech doesn't want you to know
Twitch allowing admitted state an US/mexico drug smuggler on their platform? Not sure if this is the right sub but this needs attention. How many others are doing this? "I would do it again"
As if bringing the worst out of people (just like the 2016 effect) wasn't just another merchadinsing technique.
if you're in the mood to find out how all of the conspiracies function
Fake solar moon landing panel
Why do people have so much national pride when their countries committed so much evil?
Educate me on John Lear please.
Holy Shit. It looks like there's a good chance that Trump may admit aliens are real. There was a post from earlier where it was claimed but dismissed. Tucker's commercial about tonights episode shows him asking Trump.
WHO IS BEHIND FEMINISM
If as many little boys were diddled in a Chuck E Cheese’s as a Catholic Church there would be no Chuck E. Cheese’s how is there still a Catholic Church?
Fake moonlanding solar panel
What do you believe stops the people from rising up and taking back power??
The Truth about Electric Cars it really about nuke production.
Why are so many ancient cultures adamant that the earth is flat and hollow?
The deep state is trying to blackmail the president
Obama's and Hillary's Twitter down?
REVEALED (?): What Actually Happened On Russia's Top Secret Submarine... according to Russia
anti vax have come to the sub
Looking for a post on here, please
Kevin Spacey accuser drops lawsuit against actor
The PowerPoint That Got a Climate Scientist Disinvited From a Shell Conference
Aaron Russo and Libra
Is Reddit under attack?
Coal billionaire dies in helicopter crash
This isn’t about sneakers, but about people who want ‘no USA at all’
Comet ping pong, Pizzagate Satanic Ritual in "Hampstead Cover up"
The Earth is flat. Evolution is a lie. Nuclear weapons don't exist. CO2 is not a driving factor in our climate changing.
A Paradigm Shift: The End Of Inheritance For The Middle Class
A fairly well-known conspiracy that your phone spies on you and listens to you. Although most people I encounter deny the accusations...
Review: “Rise and Kill First”, by Brett Redmayne-Titley. Unz Review. Ronen Bergman (author). The Secret Israeli Worldwide Assassination Program
Tulsi Gabbard shills in this sub?
GOOGLE: "Organic is a Lie, Supplements are Dangerous."
Koch and Soros Team Up For World Peace (not the onion)
The Climate Gate Emails.
How do we make sure that Daddy gets reelected?
Dr. Steven Greer- The Cosmic False Flag Warning
The left is using Reddit bots to downvote all of the posts related to trump / the right in an effort to brainwash the masses into voting democrats in the upcoming election
CFL - Ball gains momentum mid flight
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
Germans are self-censoring in public. 57% say they are being "increasingly told what to say and how to behave". Over 70% of Germans say that they cannot speak freely about ISLAM or MIGRATION. A 2018 law criminalised "incitement". This is a REAL conspiracy to KILL DEBATE ON MIGRATION!
#chaplygin #чаплыгин
Media Predictions Of "Tiny Crowd" For Trump July 4 Speech Proven Spectacularly Wrong
March 2001: A militaristic faction of the the government tries to fly an airliner into the twin towers in a false flag in the X-files spinoff "The Lone Gunmen"
Found a bit of a rabbit hole when I started investigating the "Bob Beckwith" mentioned in the Admiral Wilson leak. Levitation, teleportation, and time travel plus a connection to John Titor
San Francisco police keeping the heat on Tenderloin and SoMa drug dealers. Why are Sanctuary Cities obstructing the enforcement of immigration laws but continuing to wage the fruitless War on Drugs?
Germans are self-censoring in public. 57% say they are being "increasingly told what to say and how to behave". Over 70% of Germans say that they cannot speak freely about ISLAM or MIGRATION. A 2018 law criminalised "incitement". This is a REAL conspiracy to KILL DEBATE ON MIGRATION.
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
Google: The Monster That Has To Be Destroyed
Weed is still illegal in the state of Texas, but.......
"Climate Change" is Bullshit. The Governor of Oregon is using the "Climate Change" excuse to cripple entire industries and destroy thousands of families by eliminating good paying jobs.
Over 20 percent of homeless residents in Chicago are employed, with many holding a college degree — The latest report by the Chicago Coalition for the Homeless blows apart the myth that by working hard and earning a college degree, workers in the US can prosper under capitalism.
"New" Reddit is supposedly editing comment text.
NBC digitally adds pimple on Tulsi Gabbards face to distract from her anti-war message. Watch how it disappears mid-answer.
Human turd finally drops into toilet
TIL - During the Andrew Wakefield vaccine scare, vaccine rates dropped, and autism rates started dropping too. 2 years later, vaccine rates increased, as did the prevalence of autism
AOC blasts border officials after new report on offensive Facebook posts. Once again, we see the globalist sockpuppets using defamation to censor opposition to their agenda.
90 Leading Italian Scientists Sign Petition: CO2 Impact On Climate "Unjustifiably Exaggerated" Catastrophic Predictions "Not Realistic"
TIL - During the Andrew Wakefield vaccine scare, vaccine rates dropped, and autism rates started dropping too. 2 years later, vaccine rates increased, as did the prevalence of autism
OK MI6, we know you were behind MH370 stop giving us more proof you did it!
Someone still claims IRS is not octopus-people from deep state?
Nikolas and Zeena Schreck (Anton Lavey’s daughter) full length interview
Germany: A Shocking Degree Of Self-Censorship
Norman Finkelstein explains the politically motivated anti-semitic smear campaign leveled against Jeremy Corbyn
Russian sub that caught fire possibly sent to cut internet cables
The gestalt
Been pondering time travel lately, and I came upon a quote from Ryan North that put something into perspective
The daughter of Brian Jones, the original and founding member of the Rolling Stones, has claimed her father was actually murdered and police didn't investigate properly
I think billionaires will start taking their deaths and then flee underground.
Repost: "as a parent who thought vaccines were awesome"
The Ultimate Final Conspiracy = Planting Millions of Trees to Save Our Climate
Germans are now self-censoring in public: 57% of Germans feel they are "increasingly being told what to say and how to behave". &gt;70% agreed that they cannot speak frankly about MUSLIMS and MIGRATION. A 2018 law can make arrests and delete social media on grounds of "incitement"
NBC digitally implanting a pimple on Tulsi Gabbard as she speaks about foreign policy towards Iran at the debates?
Is this still a conspiracy theory subreddit or it's just The_Donald2?
Okay so here’s my latest thought.
Why isnt Kalergi censored?
Though Independence Day was yesterday it seems aliens are planning an attack on Reno city
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
Palestinian crimes mega list by u/PrimaryName5
Conspiracy- noone complained about ariel being black and it was a big setup.
I don’t understand white American liberals
Barry and Georgy on a boat w/a little distressed-looking girl. Hmmm…
Anyone else remember seeing a Alien Ship at Area 51 on google earth back in 2008-09
Google Maps Purportedly Down, Netizens Complain About Errors
Another gold man sack victim of the millenium fall-con (satr wars clues)
Selling Area51 wall decor
UFO Shapes Reported in the U.S. from 1947 to 2016
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
#NotMyAriel Conspiracy
Google Maps outage sparks mass disorientation
The government wants you to think the 4th of July is a holiday
A different view on the Pro-Vax vs. Anti-Vax argument.
What did the muppets say to John Stamos?
It is a huge setup, it is a framed cloth/canvas style actual artist level medium. I would expect a piece of white paper and crayons or #2 pencil drawing.
It is a huge setup, it is a framed cloth/canvas style actual artist level medium. I would expect a piece of white paper and crayons or #2 pencil drawing.
“It’s Gonna Be EPIC!” Internal Emails Show ICE Agents Were Amped for Massive Raid
A duck duck go image search for "sharing" returned this result after 1 page scroll, Im confused. This is awful. Kids mixed in with adult photos. I've never seen an image search do this!!!?? Is this post internet going down the other day? Is this normal? Wtf.
UFO Shapes Reported in the U.S. from 1947 to 2016
Dwarf frightened of a tourist in the woods. the tourist was traveling in the forest with the camera accidentally saw a strange creature in the tree, the tourist took the camera gnome
Anybody see the gorilla face. This is the world that has been hidden form us. Time to wake up. This is the 800 pound gorilla that is talked about in that saying.
Interesting how neial Armstrong looks almost like the alien and IF THARES NO OXYGEN WHY IS THE FLAG BLOWING aliens confermed?
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
If I was a billionaire involved in resource extraction...
One of the full house little girl actors said that one of their first memories of the show involved seeing Dave Coulier naked in the shower on the Ellen Degenerate show. The Host changed the topic when now adult actor mentioned that. I lost that youtube clip, anyone have it?
The epicenter of hundreds of earthquakes are within a mile of the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake
Can someone provide me a link to "the Capitol Fourth 2019" in full?
New Rule Proposals
Mystery as object plunges from sky before speeding off at breakneck speed over Colorado
Las Vegas Redrock Resort Casino willing to advertise non-existent fireworks so crowds will spend hard earned money in their casino and then cancel fireworks at last minute. Awwww nothing like predatory capitalism. Anything else like this happening anywhere else today?
Is the "Space Force" really just a pretense to create a new skunk works type sector?
Iv tried to post a picture and caption in this thread along with over 5 others and it gets rejected instantly
Human brain is an invention.
(Don’t take seriously)
Was Steve Jobs a Psy OP
My Steven Paddock theory
GCHQ job advertisement for tax payer funded online trolls
Was Steve Jobs a Psy OP
Why is Teen Vogue teaching Crowley sex magic?
Hollywood hates redheads
How can we ever be sure what we are reading is real?
This sub desperately needs a reality check on censorship
When they say universal healthcare this is the situation "they" want you in: France’s highest appeals court has ordered Vincent Lambert’s food to be removed following a six-year-long legal battle for his life. I just hope you're not a rare blood type..
Mucus, get rid of it and instantly feel better. Mucus suppresses oxygen flow. Best weapon for mucus? Cherries.
I bet no one has actually ever bought reddit gold before. Every time it’s just an admin giving gold to create the illusion that that’s a thing people actually do.
How to escape The Matrix, and not reincarnate!
What do Americans really celebrate on the 4th of July?
Anyone else catch the UFOs in the picture Trump tweeted out about the crowd?
Might have stumbled on something here, maybe not? I guess I’ll find out...
Conspiracy Showerthought
Why the Vatican is shaped like a snake
What is really going on between United States and Russia?
Black rapper A$AP and crew enter a Muslim no-go zone in Stockholm Sweden and are attacked by an alleged rapist. Swedish police arrested THEM for fighting back. The absolute state of Swedistan.
The mark comings story.
If I had a book? It would be called, “They want to kill you.”
Anyone else waiting for a fake alien invasion today?
Do we, as users of the internet in places like this sub, have the power to potentially stop or delay planned events which may or may not be catastrophic?
Rage Against The Machine - Testify. "He appears as two but speaks as one." Who controls the past now, controls the future. Who controls the present now, controls the past.
Why the Vatican is shaped like a snake
Smithsonian Conspiracy of hiding archeological discoveries?
"Capitalism Hits the Fan!" Redacted Tonight interview with economist Richard Wolff
Water..
Why the Vatican is shaped like a giant snake
We are consistently silenced.
Evacuation Ordered Near U.S. Capitol Before Trump July 4 Speech | Hollywood Reporter
Have You Seen Us?
4chan says this is a concealed threat of assassination, by Israel, against Trump, because USA, China and Russia teamed up to destroy an Israeli DEW that was in space. Thoughts?
Why The Vatican Is Shaped Like A Snake
Don't burn my feelings
Scientists Find ‘Circuit Boards’ Inside Living Cells, Study Says
The Conspiracy of Makeup
The Conspiracy of Makeup
Epstein files
The winds of change are blowing
Anyone else catch that Obama and Clooney tweet this morning?
[META] Strange, the lack of Illuminati symbolism at Trump's dreaded 4th of July party.
Ringing in the Ears?
The California earthquakes today precisely originated from one area : Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake
Any idea what's going down?
The Conspiracy of Makeup
US Flag makers are the ones pushing for the creation of a new state.
What do you think about this? Premonition that humanity will either fade enlightenment if we abstain from nuclear war until July 20th 2019, or face our doom
Is there someone here that can link some good documentary on the 9-11
Reptile oriented conspiracies, let's hear 'em.
Burying the Nakba: How Israel Systematically Hides Evidence of 1948 Expulsion of Arabs
Bush did 9/11. No, you don't get it. Bush DID 9/11.
Is America still a British Colony?
Atomic Veterans Were Silenced for 50 Years. Now, They're Talking.
I just realized why the Trump administration might have supported moving the Israeli capital.
I spotted this guy pop in and out of the bushes at the 4th of July celebration... Can any one ID the gear he has? I'm most interested in the armband on his upper arm which appeared to emit light.
Amazing freedom speech by our illustrious and magnificent President, Donald J. Trump!!!
YouTube is censoring videos about PROVEN Santa Fe shooting hoax!
Declassified: Israel Made Sure Arabs Couldn't Return to Their Villages
What do you all think of #pimplegate?
US is not fighting Terrorists but Using them against Syrian Government
Could it be that schizophrenia is a made up disease targeted at “conspiracy” theorists?
Project Flicker With Jamie Dlux and Ben Swann
Need help understanding this entire “Elites” thing
The TV show "Knightfall" seems like Templar Knight propaganda
About free fall.
An alien riding the demon Baphomet behind Pope Francis at the Vatican!
Lincoln Memorial?
An alien riding the demon Baphomet behind Pope Francis at the Vatican!
Recent predictive programming?
Dale Earnhardt Sr.'s death was staged to boost NASCAR relevance.
Burying the Nakba: How Israel Systematically Hides Evidence of 1948 Expulsion of Arabs
What should i do?
LOL WTF! Demonic Throne Part 2
The brainwashed masses treat the same situation (censorship) with different criteria.
Predictive programming?
New York's climate change solution: Harm regular people for no noticeable benefit. The Big Apple leading the way in useless virtue-signaling
Niko House Exposes The Wealthy Pedo Behind The Tulsi Gabbard Hit Pieces, And Why Emma Vigeland of TYT Insinuates Tulsi is Part of a Cult - 20 min - well worth watching
When Israelis upvote this picture because they don't pay attention on the plates (leet script)
Thought I’d point out that this is in the Cathedral of Valencia in Spain
why is every religion waiting for a final Messiah?
*Warning* ET false flag event incoming.
Are We Celebrating An Illusion Of Freedom?
USAF Rivet Joint tracking over The #PersianGulf, spoof Hex Cod 730000 C/S IRI00061
SOo, What happened with Assange? Is he in US? Is he dead? Is he sick? Is he alive? Strange it practically disappeared, even from this sub
Ownership of 23 Wall St. Tied To NYPD Corruption Scandal
QAnon Followers Think JFK Jr. Is Coming Back on the 4th of July to arrest Democrats for child slavery.
Question about Spider-Man: Far From Home[Spoiler] [Serious]
Lawmakers Target Pentagon Pedophiles With Bipartisan Child Porn Bill
9/11 and OKC Bombing
Earthquake monitoring sites/resources? Specifically seismic monitoring?
Burying the Nakba: How Israel systematically hides evidence of 1948 expulsion of Arabs - Israel News
The remaining public phone booths are purposely left and heavily monitored by governments to track illegal activity
Bohemian Grove Human Hunting Events
Bercow's Plot to Derail Brexit? - Brexit Explained
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
The epicenter of the 6.4 earthquake that hit California today was near Naval Air Weapons Station at China Lake. Coincidence?
The Elite / Secret State
Jeb Bush tweets coded threat to Donald Trump?
Kern County (CA) Fire Company can predict earthquakes?
WTF? Jeb Bush Posts Bizarre Tweet About Past Presidents Who Have Died on July 4th
#Earthquake in USA
Sanders, Cummings Demand DOJ Investigate Pharma Giants for 'Sick and Disgraceful' Price-Fixing Conspiracy
Terraforming has begun: “Global dimming” is a plot to exterminate humanity by terraforming the atmosphere with pollution, killing Earth’s food crops and unleashing ecological collapse.
By Nils Melzer, UN Special Rapporteur on Torture
I was looking for information about suckerfish, not Jews, Trump, Game of Thrones, or the philosophical reason why people are racist.
Florida Man actually finds BIGFOOT! (Proof &amp; footage)
Court to Unseal Epstein Docs - World Leaders Will Be Exposed
Socal/Mexico earthquake on July 4th symbolism?
Recently somebody posted a video about Amazon Alexa's: The Listeners. I typed out some of the stuff that was said.
July 4th, 2019: It Begins
Google to block all anti-cancer, “anti-vax” and anti-GMO websites
Anyone else find it interesting that the epicenter of the 6.4 Earthquake about an hour ago in Cali was at the bomb test range by the naval weapons station? And they are estimating it to be 2.5 miles deep.
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures
Ritual Abuse-Torture Within Family Groups
Holy grail of conspiracy games listed on eBay if anyone’s interested?
Is Roko's basilisk The great filter?
It wouldn't be like it was in 1776
There is no better example of “empty Americana” and blind nationalism than die hard Trump supporters. These people care more about the symbols of freedom than actual freedom itself. Blind patriotism and devotion to your government does not make you a good American.
9/11 has Monterey, CA Real Estate to Blame
The Catholic Church has spent $3,994,797,060 (billion) since 1950 to children who were raped and abused by Catholic Priests.
“Ain’t no money in the cure, the money’s in the medicine... that’s how a drug dealer makes his money - on the comeback.”
The 6.4 SoCal July 4th earthquake in the Mojave Desert was actually a secret underground nuclear test.
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures. in the
Could anyone give me a hint of some conspiracy theory for me to write on my blog?
r/WorldNews is now allowing information against Israel (and what a juicy thread). Something changed in the arena.
Earthquake in socal. within range of navy air warfare center
Judge to reassess $80 million award in Monsanto cancer case
Israeli author Gilad Atzmon discusses Penguin’s decision to censor his book because of its information on the Rothschild dynasty.
PaperStreetAthenaeum
Keemstars role in the tragic death of popular YouTuber Etika
Ridgecrest Ca Earthquake
Is there other ways our phones listen to us other than social media apps?
The Happy Slave = Make Opiates The Religion of The Masses
A 6.6 earthquake just hit Southern California.
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures. in the
The top image posts on r/all dont even get 1 million views. that flies in the face of Reddit official user count
Me and my friends always get these messages. We are in 12 and we keep on getting this. They always send these to under aged kids and they keep on saying no one under 18 can see this. Why do this?
Catholic priests singing worship to Lucifer
His name is George Washington
Took a photo with my Android phone, got ads for a product in the photo possibly from text character recognition
Never forget
Open up
The Catholic Pope sitting on his demonic throne.
r/politics is basically a Trump Hate group and Reddit let's it go for the views
YouTube mystery ban on hacking videos has content creators puzzled
4th of July Parade Censored from All Public TV Channels (non-cable channels)
Melting Ice Reveals Ancient Structure In Antarctic
Big Lebowski Deeper Thoughts
What's In A Flu Shot
Am I the only one who notices the propaganda that has invaded Snapchat? There’s constantly stories from “publications” that are have no credibility, and they often promote extremely vile (sexual, violent, gross-out, and extremely politically charged) content, and idk any1 else that cares. Thoughts?
Brothers of the Serpent podcast covering eclipses and superstorms and speculative control mechanisms between them
Suspicious of the all the questions on r/askreddit and r/conspiracy
Goodbye Dollar, It Was Nice Knowing You! Philip Giraldi, Strategic Culture Foundation. US is creating a broad consensus within the international community that Washington is unstable, not a reliable partner and cannot be trusted.
Why was Facebook really Down?
Boys were Raped by Catholic Priests at Satanic Parties
Religion &amp; conspiracies
Roman Catholic Church covered up 300 Priests who sexually abused over 1,000 Children in Pennsylvania.
Catholic church spends millions in lobbying to stop states from extending the statute of limitations on child sex abuse.
A short and practical take on the INF: Small (and focused) is beautiful - Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Intermediate Nuclear Forces treaty - another major agreement that John Bolton is fucking up.
The silence on this in the MSM is eerie. Pence meeting, nuclear submarine, Putin meeting. If it’s a real crisis, the public is the last to know to avoid panic. I can’t shake the feeling that something bad is about to happen -
Destroy the middle east with kinetic weapons
A reminder today America was never free our first president was a Masonic general fastfoward to both scum Bush being KNIGHTED by the queen of England as well as Alan Greenspan in 02 for "Bringing global economic stability" to the world. We have always been slaves to the oligarchy remember to FTP!!!!
Vogue writer explains why Marianne Williamson was snubbed from photo ... ignores Tulsi snub
Were The Beatles an experiment in mass mind control?
Adams to unveil "non-Earth" influence over U.S. media and tech giants
CNN does a story on how Vogue snubbed Marianne Williamson froma shoot for women running for president, meanwhile snubbing Tulsi Gabbard. Is this the media gaslighing Tulsi supporters?
Google not showing assaulted journalist Andy Ngo and Antifa as a search suggestion
Mystery as object plunges from sky before speeding off at breakneck speed over Colorado
Want some similar experiences
There is a conspiracy to elect more women. They are caring, social and nonviolent. Great qualities for politicians.
Hope you don't mind questions about Hudson River plane landing. Did people hear the plane coming? I'm half deaf so I would watch videos to see if I could hear the plane if I could hear better.
UFO's in Argentina the day of the eclipse. Two different angles, one being VERY close. Happy 4th!
Reminder: Remote mind surveillance/control tech exists and it is the jews who have it
I know this has been posted about a lot before but I never noticed it much myself until today.
Happy Independance day America !!!
What are the "Flat Earth" claims?
The fact is that every single Trump hater really only hates him because they're racist. They hate white people. It's as simple as that
AMERICA'S B-DAY | BDP JULY 4TH SPECIAL | ARE WE STILL FREE?
We need global government
Hundreds of British traitors collaborated with the Nazis during World War II and planned to overthrow the British government
Article states the Russian sub was sent to cut internet cables.
Rumor that the Russian sub was sent to cut transcontinental internet cable.
TIL about Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, ruler of Dubay, who enslaved thousands of children to use them as camel jockey for fun and profit
They can ALL call me crazy.... CRAZY HEALTHY!!!
Strange creature got into the frame in the Russian forest. Hunter found a strange tree in the forest put the DVR in three hours a shot of strange creature, it's a dwarf or humanoid creature. in these woods at night appeared a strange sound. here the forests are inhabited by strange creatures. in the
r/Conspiracy should go dark one day in solidarity. Wikipedia co-founder Larry Sanger calls for a social media boycott on July 4 and 5 -
5 (more) reasons "Climate Change" is Bullshit
Death of Brian Jones, an original member of the Rolling Stones, was murder and not an accident according to a new documentary
Anyone remember Alex from Tennessee
Well folks, I think it’s time to return to our true flag
5G technology promises to usher in a Digital Renaissance, but is meeting resistance despite the recent FCC small cell deployment ruling.
Mind Control. Machines piloted by thought
Just a quick request - does anyone have the link/name of that global synchronicity scale which is measured by different coloured dots?
Happy 4th 🎉🎆
Dsmnnn !!!
Amazon admits it keeps some Alexa recordings even when users delete them
Rep. Justin Amash: The Two-Party System Needs to Die
Russian sub that caught fire possibly sent to cut internet cables 🤔
Poll: One-third of Americans say news media is the 'enemy of the people'
YT ShadowBanning Is Client Based
Democrats send death threats to little girl who made fun of idiot
What is the most annoying conspiracy?
Hmm Obama, Clooney, and a distressed Asian child on a boat together 🤔
Could someone explain to me how Iran has a worse human rights and governance record than our avowed allies, Saudi Arabia [META]
Why does the Pope's audience hall at the Vatican look like a giant snake head?
Dirtbox a secret weapon from NSA and Denmark.
New discord open to share Urban, Abandoned and Paranormal Photos and Experiences!
Lady is raided by SWAT who kills their dog... over an unpaid gas bill
After Measles being eliminated in 2000, it's on the rise again. Is this because of the anti-vaxx movement?
throwaway conspiracy
French government latest attack at freedom of speech, the anti-cyber-hate law.
The Holocaust was scam business to get people to hate Adolf Hitler
The U.S. government is preparing to crawl all over Google to figure out whether it is an abusive monopolist. Google parent company Alphabet Inc. and the other tech giants should be quaking in their fleece vests.
Look at the videos for “WTC 7” or “building 7” on YouTube
Climate Change is the new Eugenics
Anyone who knows celebrities and/or worked in the industry that can shed some light on what really goes on?
Celebrity conspiracies? Anyone who was in the industry that can share things that are going on?
Is US Democracy Dying a Slow and Barely Visible Death?
Did r/technology just go private?
A lot has been going on this sub in the past few days. A lot of global activity and a lot of people claiming this or that. Are there any new updates people anything new or this all just turned out to be nothing. If any updates please do tell anthing you know strange activity etc.
Jussie literally walked out of his apartment to go stage the hate crime with the noose ALREADY around his neck. His own apartment cameras captured it.
Wow. Stranger things season 3 it’s just wow please watch come back with what you think about the first season alone
Netflix is just a advanced AI
Is this sub hidden on Google?
Anon's words stirred conspirators to rebel
What is the most crazy conspiracy theory that you believe to be true and why?
The Road to World War 3 (2013)
Not a conspiracy, but how would i join a discord server/is there any good ones for just general truth and info
Precise alternative to google.
Why Trump's Fed pick wants to return to the gold standard
Know anything in this?
They use slave labor ...this is a pr stunt
Strange spider drags a bee. unusual spider monster
Former Mosanto bioengineer comes clean, says GMO potatoes absorb MORE toxins – including those that aren’t even in regular potatoes
Why was this removed?
Watching Netflix and I saw a specific Q
Is Google’s Stadia gaming platform just a way to push for controversial 5G?
An interesting catch by a friend of mine...
Hi, searching for a link to a removed video of Kerik announcing the passport being found on 16th/Sep/19
Why do some people think 9/11 was an inside job?
Blockchain Gamer Connects – PGConnects.XR Web has been one of the most active cryptocurrency projects that had spread the real value of the blockchain technology to the world using the Extended Reality.
An AskReddit thread about conspiracy theories, which will almost certainly be censored soon, has top comments about 23andme giving the government your DNA, orchestrated shootings, and more.
Happy Profit Day!
American Heart Association misuse of funds and donations
No one is safe - 8-year-old ‘Mini-AOC’ retires from social media after harassment and death threats from critics
If you were sneaking into a country illegally and you were caught, what would you expect would happen?
Bipartisan bill aims to tackle rampant child porn sharing on Pentagon computers
Divide and Conquer: Russian trolls use "demotivational propaganda" on social media. They spread lies and misinformation, to promote xenophobic nationalism, split up and weaken the western alliance, and strengthen Russia. Nationalists are Russian sockpuppets.
Pence's flight is turned around (or maybe cancelled, or maybe re-routed, no source seems to agree) on Tuesday, for reasons that will supposedly be revealed in "a few weeks". On Wednesday, Putin pulls out of a nuclear arms treaty. A connection seems very likely.
Hivemind AI Clones
Anybody have theories about the increase in foot fetishes?
Zodiakos (Zodiac Aries-Taurus): The Circle of Holy Animals 2/11
The American Revolution was a conspiracy against the British crown. Happy 4th of July!
Russia Officially Withdraws From Nuclear Arms Treaty
Immigrant Detainees Fed 'Appalling' Unhealthy Menu in Centers. Why is it that the MSM's current, argumentum ad passiones, propaganda campaign omits one key detail? Illegal immigrants voluntarily chose to cross the US border.
How the Government started Google and Facebook
Could we see Orange man to do disclosure instead of war to get another Term?
On how UFOs are interdimensional demons, and the psyop underway to normalize their existence
Ovnis durante Eclipse Solar - Julio 2 2019 (Argentina)
A suspicious death of a 2 year old on a alligator farm operated by her family in Cambodia.
UFO seen in Argentina during solar eclipse.
More stuff that doesn't make sense about the Las Vegas mass shooting
NOSTRADAMUS &amp; CELESTIAL ALIGNMENTS AS US, RUSSIA, CHINA GEAR UP FOR WW3
Looking to Interview Skeptics of Microchip Implants
Not to add to the probable nothings, but don't forget Sydney terrorist attack was thwarted. Explains DC military boost!
Books regarding Ancient Egyptian religion?
Abrhamic Religion and Politics ARE the problem
Is there any evidence that Germany was using tanks/trucks/cars built by Ford during the second world war?
Conspiracy time maybe women dong get comedy because only y chromosome has humor?
Some interesting documents in this archived post I found taking about the Stranger Things show being based on the real life Project Montauk.
The Aphelion, the point at which Earth is farthest away from the Sun, occurs on the 4th of July.
These Nonprofits and Businesses Are Making Millions From Detaining Immigrant Children
Is it a coincidence that the Pentagon child porn story comes out the same day as riots in Israel?
Soft Disclosure Continues on Chemtrails and Geoengineering
Here’s one.
Who would’ve thought!
My sister saw this network for the first time. Trolling neighbor or is the NSA still using shady surveillance ?
Cyber Attack? Fiserv servers were down til this morning, same time as several social media sites.
There was a meme on Instagram where this got like 6.5k people who signed up lol
The Donald gets banned and all of a sudden I'm sifting through racist, partisan (extremely right wing) political bullshit on new.
I just saw this article on the Apple News Spotlight.
Recommend some books
Here’s How U.S. Would Launch All-Out Nuclear Counterattack On Russia, As Revealed By Top Air Force General
I made this. Happy Jew Lie Everyone!
YouTube mystery ban on hacking videos has content creators puzzled
Hunger Games is real and it's coming...
If a crowd is less rowdy in a bar and the staff are in the company of locals, the time you can spend there is far more lenient
Tulsi Gabbard Becomes First and Only 2020 candidate to Seriously Speak Out against Facebook Censorship
Former Google exec who 'got $90M severance amid sexual coercion probe 'ran a sex ring says wife
Of course
I need to find this YouTube channel
On Eve Of 4th Of July Parade, U.S. Attempts To Lure Iran Into Shooting Down Another U.S. Plane
Reddit pushing Huawei branded micro SD cards... Let's hope they don't have badUSB malware ...
Showed up in my Apple news feed
"Lost" Yeah, right.
What happened to flight 93? From a local perspective.
LOOK AT THE BIG STORY COMING OUT OF BOHEMIAN GROVE THIS YEAR...
News Coverage of the Investigation into the Pennsylvania Catholic Church - 3 minute video describing how the Catholic Church not only hid Sex Crimes against children, but also moved Priests around so they wouldn't get caught - For Decades!
The Founder of Planned Parenthood: “We don’t want the word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population.”
With all of the sketchy things going on (Pence, Putin, Submarine, etc.) And now the internet crawling all over the country, could we be under some type cyber attack?
Robbery up 65% Knife crime up 65% Rapes up 45%, unaffordable overcrowded degenerate dystopia. London.
Some interesting conspiracy books
Ben Swann: 20% of Pentagon workers browse child porn. The Pedogon ranks 19th out of 3,000 known peer-to-peer child porn sharing networks.
It’s an air/water/space ship https://patents.google.com/?inventor=Salvatore+Pais&amp;oq=inventor:(Salvatore+Pais)
Chilling footage from a hotel captures screaming from a room with nobody checked in.
An unborn baby with down syndrome survives the abortion at 21 weeks and is simply left out to die.
20% of Pentagon workers browse child porn. The Pedogon ranks 19th out 3,000 peer-to-peer chld porn sharing networks.
Bill Burr - GasHole
Next-Generation Global Satellites Could Completely Erase Privacy: MIT
Antifas evil plan discovered!
[Serious] [Discussion] In all honesty, what do you guys actually think is up with Pence cancelling his trip all of a sudden?
Real reason for project Iceworm
Evolution: What to believe
Black women make up 36% of total abortions, but only 13% of the total population.
What is really happening while Instagram is down.
4th of July Fake Alien Attack?
Facebook and it's subsidiaries being down could probably be an experiment to show how addicted people are to social media
Organ Harvest in America: Planned Parenthood selling fresh baby eyes, spinal cords, and gonads for profit.
Spiderman. Far from Home. Reveals 9/11 truth and future illuminati plans.
It never ends
U.S. Court of Appeals has ordered the immediate release of nearly 2,000 pages of records related to Jeffrey Epstein's case, but not without warning the media and public about damaging the privacy and reputation of those linked
Planned Parenthood Executive is selling baby brains, lungs and livers so that she can buy a Lamborghini.
Court to unseal up to 2,000 pages of Jeffrey Epstein-related documents
Planned Parenthood Executive is selling baby brains, lungs and livers so that she can buy a Lamborghini.
‪Here’s a thought. Trump administration wants to build a wall for around 6 billion dollars. Everyone freaks the fuck out. ‬ ‪The day before 9/11, the pentagon announced it has “lost” 2.3 TRILLION dollars, and “couldnt track” where it went. Nobody cares. ‬ ‪Welcome to America baby. ‬
New Discord to share Urban, paranormal And Abandoned experiences!
Bipartisan bill aims to tackle rampant child porn sharing on Pentagon computers
33k emails. Acid washed. What does that even mean???
Unusual Features On Ocean Floor Off Coast Of Hatteras, North Carolina
The Mystical Ways of the Created Weapons of War throughout History .
Moon landing and such stuff
The FBI "lost" its files on Neo-Nazi website Stormfront
Did the C.I.A. kill John Lennon with Operation 40?
Miles Mathis on Space Shuttles and Owen Benjamin. (pdf warning)
Did crooked LAPD officers help Snoop Dogg get away with murder in 1996?
Drag Queen Story Time includes kids laying on
Climate Hysteria is much older than most people realize! (1983)
Scientists are searching for a mirror universe and trying to Open Portals Into Them
Aquafina puts sodium in its water to make you more thirsty and buy more Aquafina
Star Wars : Are Sith Lords comparable to Occult Elites of our World ?
Apple iPhone listening
Sundance Co-Founder Sterling Van Wagenen Sentenced For Child Sex Abuse
Are DNA Companies Adding "African" Into Genetic Results of People who Are Entirely White For Political Reasons?
Court Orders Release of Sealed Docs About Jeffrey Epstein’s Alleged Sex Ring
What a price of shit!
Drag Queen Story time gets physical
Germany asks Jews to hide their identity to avoid provoking Islamists,jihadist and Nazis to attack them - Blames conservatives.
As Yemen Starves, International Aid Agencies Play Politics With Food - Mint Press News. Financiers backing the war against Yemen also rule international (food) relief organizations.
Philosophical question would love your input.
I’d say about 75% of how TPTB maintain control over the global population is because of their control over the media and publications, and the use of the false left/right dichotomy.
Something is Wrong with MSNBC 😆
Friday for future is/was a smokescreen conspiracy
Bipartisan bill aims to tackle rampant child porn sharing on Pentagon computers — RT USA News
First published during the Obama admin — How Mexico’s Cartels Are Behind the Border Kid Crisis
We need to look into this stuff and see if they're connected
A meta conspiracy theory that would explain a lot
Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp
Friday for future is/was a smokescreen conspiracy
Hmm, why is it that when Democrats say it, it’s all good...
It’s even worse elsewhere, a glimpse of our future?
Did Tessa Thompson sell her soul to the Devil or the Illuminati?
Isaac Kappy said something big is going down tomorrow (4th of July)
Life Under A.I. By 2030
Does anyone know if bestgore.com was taken down? or just offline at the moment?
Show of a lifetime of preparation for martial law?
Beware the predictive programming of #RIP45
Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter all down along with their dm services at the same time
Today’s top post in an embarrassment to the sub
Reminder that Depression memes like /r/2meirl4meirl are literally Russian active measures. They started trending up right after Russia was sanctioned by the west over invading Ukraine. They are unambiguous psyops designed to encourage children and internet-addicts towards self-destruction.
Ever notice how the big power lines are reverse pentagrams?
Mainstream internet
NBC NEWS: 🍕Hillary Clinton covered up pedophile ring. Something Big is Going Down! [Q]
Student loan system is in place for helping the military.
The problems with libertarianism
Junk Food Is PERMANENTLY Killing Men's Fertility: Study
Promoting war.
BitTubers IS open to the public
Reminder that Depression memes like /r/2meirl4meirl are literally Russian active measures. They started trending up right after Russia was sanctioned by the west over invading Ukraine. They are unambiguous psyops designed to encourage children and internet-addicts towards self-destruction.
Remember, Chris Cantelmo of r/Cantelmoism staged his own fake murder, claims to be ex-CIA, and Resigned from “Skull &amp; Bones” at Yale.
Facebook is totally glitching out right now and you can see all the tags they’ve tagged my personal photos with (including pics of kids).
Protestors entered the building at 9pm, police video released at 9:30pm, video filmed at 5pm.
Anyone who requires their truth be given by talking heads in a box... then this is the vaccine video for you.
Facebook is glitching out right now and you can see all the tags they’ve tagged my personal photos (including photos of children) with. Why are they tagging their users photos in this way? To sell, to track us, for AI?
Las Vegas shooting: Metropolitan Police fire officer who hesitated during 1 October massacre
BitTubers is not Open to Public
The Great Pyramid Experiment: Exploring Infrasound Technology Use By The Ancients
Something is Wrong with MSNBC
The free press is bad. Amd should be ended
Now this, *this* is some Illuminati shit. The most obscene serial killer and rapist *you've never heard of* with noted accomplices in law enforcement, who also happened to have knowledge of drug induced hypnosis.
Gaslighting the rule of law/ constitution
Trump is not the first: President Lincoln also faced a partisan fake News Press working to divide the country and cause its collapse. His response was to choose the safety of America over the free press. He was right
Where is John Kelly now? The man who helped craft the family immigration policy was a former employee and now current board member of a for profit migrant detention center contracter...hmm
Welcome to the K-12 Surveillance State
Needed lesson for skeptics in this sub. Basing the veracity of information on the source is a logical fallacy called Argumentum Ad Hominem . Address the information, not the source.
Opinion on Matt LaCroix?
u/Jelseajane claims that YouTube employees are asking for links to conspiracy videos in an effort to delete them. Do you have any evidence of this?
Las Vegas police fire officer after 1 October investigation
Thoughts on Antarctica &amp; hollow earth/agartha?
What is the problem r/history have with Graham Hancock? Is the wider historical society worried he's onto something?
Santa Fe school shooting teacher's story revealed as hoax
Happy Birthday Julian!
I’ve been trying to post this but every time I try to submit it, the post fails.
This is what the government openly showing their cards in regards to Cryptocurrency looks like
The Bohemian Club Exposed
No harmful effects of Porn and Masterbation
Austrian parliament approves total glyphosate ban
'Lost' tapes of first moonwalk to be sold; former NASA intern may make millions
An account with no karma and no posts in two years comes out of the woodwork to specifically mock me for questioning if topics about Roundup are manipulated, than immediately deletes the comment
Bill &amp; Hillary Clinton Receive Rockefeller Friends Award
CIA and what to do while working
Is this the government spying on us
As expected, the Second Circuit orders the unsealing of a tranche of files related to wealthy sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and his underage victims.
Western spy agencies build ‘cyber magicians’ to manipulate online discourse
Biological warfare and sundry testing
Hollywood Black Mass Parties
The attorney for the families of the 220 dead passengers of Iranian flight 655 (which was shot down by a US vessel in 1988) exposes the fact that it was done intentionally by the US Gov’t in order to force Iran to sign a peace treaty with Iraq (then a U.S. client state).
Do you think UFOs are real?
Is This Person Getting Stalked By Local Police Or Is She Just Paranoid?
Hitler is/might be a necromancer
Nike says Betsy Ross-themed Fourth of July sneaker was pulled over 'concerns that it could unintentionally offend'
@ 3.05 He does a magic trick. Can you figure it out? First one to get it... wins 😂
What is the problem r/history have with Graham Hancock? Is the wider historical society worried he's onto something?
Joe Rogan &amp; Eddie Bravo discuss UFO's, government scare tactics and catt...
The Washington Post Back At It Again Deceiving Readers with Fake News
The Washington Post Ridiculously "Fact Checks" Bernie Sanders
My post on r/history was removed for mentioning Graham Hancock
"Climate Change" is Bullshit and the "Models" are fake.
How do you guys deal with wife/husband who are not awake?
Are Americans the only people who aren't proud of their country?
What if we are just very advanced AI
Guide - How To Spot A Twitter Troll
From SS butcher to drugs kingpin: The astonishing story of the notorious Nazi who helped kill Che Guevara and worked for cocaine boss Pablo Escobar - CIA recruited Barbie after WW2
Celebrity Quotes on Aliens
Big Game Theory: A Battleground of the Mind
If Hell is a real place, it must be full of government workers.
Celebrity Quotes on Aliens
Going viral!! An article step-by-step explains to pro-vaxxers why many who want health freedom and vaccine choice are not simply dumb and/or misinformed. Big names are already retweeting this!
Going viral!! A article step-by-step explains to pro-vaxxers why many who want health freedom and vaccine choice are not simply dumb and/or misinformed. Big names are already retweeting this!
BHADRESHKUMAR CHETANBHAI PATEL
Deodorant scam
Jennifer Cohn: America's Elections Are Compromised
All the things we know the government has done.
Russian submarine fire details sealed as 'state secrets' by Kremlin
RussiaGate Debunked by CIA Analyst
Letting paper determine a humans worth is morally depraved
Mike Pences Plane, Melania Plane To Undisclosed Location, Putins Cancelled Meetings To Meet With Defence Minister, And Their Submarine Was On Fire And 14 Dead, Tanks In DC..... The Fact That Nobody Is Talking About All The Stuff From the Last Day Is Highly Suspicious. Are Posts Being Hidden?
How the fuck does the FBI lose files?
I thought it belongs here.
Is Vladimir Putin immortal? One of the most viral conspiracy theory.
Photo of the Preiner Wand / Rax / Lower Austria [30/06/2019] - unidentifiable shadow in the sky
r/askreddit answers the question: "Creepiest declassified documents?"
Planning my escape
Is CIA behind Hong Kong protests?
Photo of the Preiner Wand / Rax / Lower Austria [30/06/2019] - unidentifiable shadow in the skys
Could this be something? Strangest thing ever caught with my drone (*freaking out*)
I need help trying to escape
Truths in plain sight. So hard to believe it's unbelievable. Fortunately for us life is there to teach us a magnificient lesson... so, enjoy it while it lasts =) Love, Jay
self defence or murder?
Turbocharged flu vaccine created by AI computer in South Australia is set to be trialled in the United States
They should've also added about r/conspiracy not showing up in the search results
Lachlan D Coleman Has claimed 11% of antartica
Predator: Is the Government covering up that alien abduct and murder visitors to National Parks?
Watch out for the YouTube employees...
I saw orange orbs flying over San Francisco
Key Event Unlocks the 2016 Trump Server Mystery
Sphinx scandal! Open Letter to famous Egyptologist Dr. Mark Lehner | Edgar Cayce | Hall of Records
Google tipping point. I dont trust their results for anything now
With everything going on, Fox News wants you to make sure you know "David Goldfein" has your back. Surely this article (and its timing) is meant to reassure us.
1989 - Audi made the 100 model with 160 miles per gallon consumption
Dear "Gay Pride":
JAH IKI - GOING UP (Moon Light Riddim)
Hmm
Page 89 of *The WikiLeaks Files*
Anyone else have news ads &amp; other things change or vanish?
A thought about being called "Islamophobic." And this should not be construed to be a call to violence or hate in any form.
Why DMT is the next big thing?
The similarities between Marxist/Socialists...
Facebook area 51 event
Tulsi Supports BDS
Christine Blasey Ford is a man.
Evidence that many Americans are completly brainwashed
Why DMT Is The Next Big Thing?
PSA: Stop using Google Chrome!
Killed by multiple subs, not sure why
10 ways Climate Change 'Alarmists' (for lack of a better word), are a secularized, socialistic version of an Apocalyptic Doomsday Cult :
Begging the government to force an agenda.
Project for the New American Century (PNAC)
Overpressure in the gas main did this? And destroyed 50 homes across a suburb?
It seems like everything that begins as beneficial to many people, ends up being completely co-opted by the elites. Is a world contrary to the one we find ourselves living in even possible? If so, How? Let's discuss.
Bella Thorne says she was molested for 9 years
UK Forces ‘Hero’ Who Was Stabbed By Terrorists On London Bridge To Undergo ‘De-Radicalization’
The psychopaths infiltrating Government are obsessed with CONTROL, desire to control others
Foreshadowing for July 4th attack?
This has to be some kind of violation
Fox News Article on VP Pence
Sexism in language
Tell me what you see
Suppose there really WAS a conspiracy to fake the moon landing
Everyone knows about the crab in the Krabby Patties theory, but no one talks about the Chum Bucket.
Watch “Above Majestic” on Amazon Prime.
thoughts on what’s possibly about to “go down”?
[meta] Important topic!!
Can I get some input?
Vaccines give you autism!
If you find yourself parroting lines confidently spoken by television/radio/Youtube pundits, you are not thinking for yourself. You are getting a cheap dopamine hit by repeating it confidently to the less confident.
The Pixar Theory: How All The Animated Movies Are Related
Are the Democrats trying to get Trump re-elected?
Shock Dog Collars
Mexico admits migrants are buying children to cross border
Rap Loves Horses and I'm Not Sure Why
This article is only one sentence long
Race Bamboozle: How the Establishment Win by Pitting “Black” Folks vs “White” People - Want to know how a few can enslave millions? It’s as simple as it is wicked; you have to incite tribalism into the populace and convince fellow strugglers that their plight is different than their neighbors.
Race Bamboozle: How the Establishment Win by Pitting “Black” Folks vs “White” People - Want to know how a few can enslave millions? It’s as simple as it is wicked; you have to incite tribalism into the populace and convince fellow strugglers that their plight is different than their neighbors.
Violent protests across Israel by Ethiopians after the death of a teenager by an off duty cop
Question re: Rage Against the Machine, David Icke, Higherside Chats etc
RFK Jr Squirms over Bush 9/11 story, only corrupt untrustworthy on environmental issues?
The Nuclear Scare Scam | Galen Winsor
Report: US Submarine Torpedoed and Sunk Off Alaska Coast in Skirmish with Russia
David Briscoe: Exposed Crisis Actor or Lone Nut?
My UFO brethren aren’t listening, anyone checking this right now? MEDIA silent
this thing looks like Black Triangle UFO(TR-3B)
Lol his description is pretty spot on common in hospitals, courthouses, government, and military. Lockpicking lawyer. Felt like the community could benefit from this.
JM Truth, the self proclaimed independent physicist!
Follow up to post about Podesta
Does anyone have any info or links on the US Submarine vs Russian Submarine fight?
Post from a user from a few years back predicting Tulsi Gabbard’s presidential bid, as a false prophet to perpetuate the “illusion of duality”. One of the first users to point out her affiliation with the CFR (Council on Foreign Relations). Worth a read.
The Brazilian government should immediately halt investigations into Glenn Greenwald and The Intercept Brazil’s reporting
Garry Moore of What's My Line asks Neil Armstrong's mother in 1962, "How would you feel if it turns out your son is the first man to land on the Moon?"
Global warming
Multiple "earthquakes" in Iran. White hats taking out Iran nukes via "earthquake" like they did in North Korea?
Is billionaire Miles Kwok paying some of the Hong Kong protestors and police to do their thing?
Doctored video claims Trump called Nazis fine people
New document appears to show internal coordination of political protests which contradicts Google’s public statements that they are politically neutral. So when do we charge Sundar Pichai with Perjury for lying before Congress?
The Truth About 7 World Trade Center Falling - 9/11 was ground zero for planetary takeover!
We’re on the brink of nuclear war.
American sub torpedoed off the coast of Alaska today..
Where did the resources go?
G. Edward Griffin on how the CFR uses the phony left right paradigm to divide the people and funnel in their members as candidates
Greens Destroying The Environment - To Save The Planet From Global Warming
UFO roswell bob lazar inforgraphic posted recently?
Q posted drop 1706 about John McCain on Jul 25th, at 28 minutes. On the 25th day at 28 minutes, John McCain died a month later. How did Q accurately predict his death down to the minute? Because John McCain did not die of brain cancer, he was tried and executed under secret military tribunal.
the watchers
FIFTY8 / Reality
General anesthetic
China is spy on everyone
Alot of crazy things happening today
Google ignored NZ's name suppression law and is now ignoring contact from politicians.
Why isn't this a bigger deal.
Who Is Funding and Supplying the Migrants coming to USA?
Mayor, doctors and social workers arrested for ‘brainwashing children into thinking their parents sexually abused them’
My neighbor is being poisoned
The process church is alive and doing well. Let this video start you down the rabbit hole.
Zoom rooms using ultrasonic sound to know if you are in the same room over PC speaker?
Do you believe the US Government performs human tests on meth users?
Anyone else hear German news reporting John Kerry has been arrested?
You should watch new Spider-man movie
The slender man is a real entity
Nuclear False Flag Averted?
Giza Plateau Tunnels | 3 Sphinx Tunnels | Edgar Cayce Hall of Records
Everyone’s Got a “Surveillance Score” and It Can Cost You BIG Money
People that give themselves awards on Reddit
Remember, false flag attacks are not a "conspiracy theory." They are a proven fact.
Urgent consultations in Washington, Moscow on reported US-Russian submarines in firefight
RIP JFK
Sacred Geometry Taught in a Donald Duck Cartoon
The Earths magnetic poles are causing the climate to change.
I have a philosophical question and I’m curious to see what some of you will think.
Have you ever thought that maybe ancient civilization actually melted stones and poured it on mold?
A partial list of all the fake news from fox and the rightwing media
The FBI took two and half years to release 104 pages regarding the white nationalist forum Stormfront, and claims the rest of the files have been lost
A partial list of all the fake news from BOTH sides
[Meta] For a subreddit that has multiple posts accusing the liberal social media of infringing free speech, we certainly have none here.
WINNING THE FACE RACE - The Gagarin/Armstrong Eclipse
r/pics watch conspiracy explained: The watch is a chronograph with a smaller stopwatch face at the 6 PM position.
WINNING THE FACE RACE - The Gagarin/Armstrong Eclipse
Trump's OIG just released a horrifying series of photos showing the conditions at the migrant detention facilities
Someone Verify This. Hong Kong May Have Been Planned By Police And Government
r/pics watch conspiracy explained. The watch is a chronograph with a smaller stopwatch face at the 6 PM position.
Bella Thorne accuses Disney of facilitating pedophilia
What is the goal of Bambi Sleep's author?
More Disney pedophilia
Thanos and the Berenstain/Berenstein Bears
Freemasons Grand Master was head of the Hellfire Club! Benjamin Franklin also visited the group!
SPECIAL GUEST LESTAT | CICADA 3301 | THE SHIFT | QANON
The Rothschilds and the Civil War
Why are conservatives using mental gymnastics to justify Trump’s support for gun control? Support for banning 3D printed guns, the bump stock ban he signed, support for Feinstein’s AWB, and now support for banning suppressors? If it were Obama they would be irate. Classic stupid partisan blinders?
Robbie Park laughing after his child's death
Large Chinese attack on american holster Cloudfare caused outages and almost half of the internet to go down with it
Is there an actual pro-Pitbull Cabal?
Doctored video claims Trump called Nazis fine people
Jesuit Conspiracy Perpetuated by False Flags - Alabama Governor Kay Ivey Treads Upon 1st Amendment - Church to Police
Google to Block All Anti-cancer, “Anti-vax” and Anti-GMO Websites at Browser Level. Mass Censorship Continues
Brazilian Justice Minister Sergio Moro's Moral Battle With Glenn Greenwald's The Intercept
Decoding NXIVM - What the MSM isn't Reporting
Mass Media Is Distracting Us From The Real Truth. More Proof That Left vs Right Is All A Distraction. Fox News Hosts Admit They'd Rip Obama And Praise Trump For The Same Thing
Can someone explain the 440 Hz music vs 432 Hz music conspiracy?
Did Iran Just Test a Nuclear Bomb? - TheWatchTowers.org
How Israel Censors the Internet
For all the Harry Potter fans out there
Federal Incomes Taxes are Being Illegally Withheld from Your Paycheck
Ex-Muslim here. Why does the world fight for Muslim tolerance when they literally preach killing queer people and anyone who dares leave their religion? (Top trend in Saudi today is boycotting any brand that supports queer folks)
What is some essential reading about Iran and the middle eastern overall agenda?
Hearables Will Monitor Your Brain and Body: Devices tucked inside your ears will make technology more personal than ever before
Meet Dwayne Dixon
What if God is a metaphor for love? What if Jesus only spoke in parables?
Mass Media Is Distracting Us From The Real Truth. More proof that Left vs Right is all a distraction. Fox News Hosts Admit They'd Rip Obama And Praise Trump For The Same Thing
Mass shootings
Moon landing footage no longer “lost”?
If there are 28 phases per Moon should there be 28 days per Moonth?
There are people out there who literally do not think
Pharmacists "forced to vaccinate" by having to meet quotas
EXCLUSIVE: Google to block all anti-cancer, “anti-vax” and anti-GMO websites at the browser level
Here are the Favorite Subreddits of Reddit's CEO
”UFO post” is secret code for a solar superflare, connected to the DoD, and today’s eclipse is the ”first sighting”. Brace yourselves.
[META} Top Losers officially defending Hitler, Mussolini, and fascism
GOOGLE TO BLOCK ALL ANTI-CANCER, “ANTI-VAX” &amp; ANTI-GMO WEBSITES AT BROWSER LEVEL
The Police in America are Slave Traders. They send people to prison where they work for 10 cents an hour.
The USD is unconstitutional
"Climate Change" is Bullshit. Human CO2 Emissions Have Little Effect on Atmospheric CO2
These are the best and worst run cities in the US. In nearly all of the worst run cities the progressive left are in power. Could the progressive left be a front to destroy the United States one city at a time?
The police system in America was created to catch runaway slaves.
Any one else notice conservative email making it past the gmail spam filters lately?
Does anybody know what this is? Found at Area 51 on google earth.
How Amazon and the Cops Set Up an Elaborate Sting Operation That Accomplished Nothing
Alexandria Cortez has a 20% approval rating in her District. It criticized her online and you will be swarmed practically Millions of trolls
Alexandria Cortez has a 20% approval rating in her District. It criticized her online and you will be squirmed but practically Millions of trolls
ThePs4DualshockConspiracy
How the system works the people over.
spy drone?
ALERT CAUTION - Something big is about to happen
Men ruling the world
'If Grandma Is on the Table, No One Will Blink at the Price': A Former Drug Company Manager Explains Industry Price-Setting
MORE PERSONAL DATA/SOCIAL MEDIA ABUSE: Everyone’s Got a “Surveillance Score” and It Can Cost You BIG Money
Libya’s government say U.S. missiles found at captured Libya rebel Haftar base
Cloudflare glitch makes Internet "wobble." Is this why VP Mike Pence was called back to DC on short notice this morning? Was this a cyber-attack?
MORE PERSONAL DATA/SOCIAL MEDIA ABUSE: Everyone’s Got a “Surveillance Score” and It Can Cost You BIG Money
5G from a guy installing it
Men: Would a huge člit make a woman undateable to you —specifically men, ~late 20s -mid 30s?
Something Is Going Down: Vice President Mike Pence's plane called back to DC for unspecified emergency
The real fight happens in another dimension
List of really bad ideas!!! Someone’s gonna die
Trump's new law lets the Treasury control IRS.
How Amazon and the Cops Set Up an Elaborate Sting Operation That Accomplished Nothing
Gorillaz conspiracy theory thread
School shooting teacher's story revealed as hoax
"Global controls will have to be imposed, and a world governing body will be created to enforce them. Crisis precipitate change." --Unknown?
r/videos mods censor and remove highly upvoted clip of Hollywood actors slathering praise on Harvey Weinstein
So how can I convince my family and friends to see the truth behind flat earth?
Nick's Non-fiction: Mind of the Market
Andrew Yang (REAL): I dont give a **** about Joe Biden
The Federal Reserve and its enslavement of America
/r/conspiracy Is One of the Last Large Subs With Public Mod Logs: Help us maintain this transparency by keeping an eye on the logs, *especially* concerning admin removals
The end goal.
In this article, we will talk about popular conspiracy theories. Which one do you believe?
False Flag "Domestic" Terrorist Attack Coming on the 4th?
The result would be a precarious nuclear balance in which Israel could not respond to provocations with conventional military strikes on Syria and Lebanon, as it can today.
All the leftwing trolls claim trump lies alot. So why can they never prove it?
The Saidit.net attack and smear.
Nick's Non-fiction: Mind of the Market
What Americans really think about a nuclear conflict with North Korea
The Milkshakes bring all the Boys to the yard - Cement Shakes Debunked?
Texas accidentally legalized weed! LoL
Popular Conspiracy Theories
Encyclopedias as government propaganda?
Everyone is saying go to said.net as an alternative. I got on and this was on the front page. DO NOT GO TO THIS SITE
China Is behind Discord/Cloudflare DDoS'
There's no verifiable evidence that Donald Trump has lied in any significant amount and certainly not that he has lied more than Barack Obama
When reddit inevitably bans us, let's move to saidit.net
CONFIRMED: NBC Planted FAKE PIMPLE on Tulsi Gabbard
We need to protect our souls, the real fight is happening in another dimension
Who shot the drone?
Reggae album against corruption
Are Four, Eight (chins) and Vote.co all down right now?
Anyone saw this happened to cloudflare sites?
Block accounts with 750,000+ karma
NYTimes: “There is no evidence that crowdsourced platforms like YouTube, Facebook or Reddit have stoked belief in conspiracy theory.”
Hillary clintons shareblue is crippling us democracy
Can't help question the motivation here: "Warren Buffett to donate $3.6 billion of Berkshire shares to 5 charities".
Donald Trump's political file has a counter of how many lies he's told total. Alexandria Cortez politifact at file suspiciousl does not
Soros ♥ Kochs: Making the world safe for fracked natural gas
Never forget that aoc voted AGAINST sending money to the migrant kids in detention centers
Star baseball pitcher joins the 27 Club?
When reddit inevitably bans us, let's move to saidit.net
Scientist Exposes Illuminati Coverup (Evidence)
The Suppression of Alien technology ( Happy UFO day )
Bipolar, cannabis and conspiracy theories. Fun mix.
What’s the deal with AOC - what’s the game plan?
Halo Neuroscience’s Headset Zaps Your Brain To Train It - Halo Mind-Controlling Technology
How has this not been posted on here yet? Brenton Tarrant's court photos and video was released halfway through June. As he said he would, he's pleading not guilty.
"Climate Change" is Bullshit. Add this to the pile of alarmist predictions that ended up being dead wrong
mysterious creature Goblin frightened an American tourist in the forest on June 28, 2019. The tourist was traveling in the woods with a camera, accidentally saw a strange creature Goblin. tourist managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera. it was a real Goblin
Ausnahmezustand rausrufen
Recommended YouTube channels?
The reason Soros and Kochs say they want world peace now is to frack the whole fucking world. Natural Gas is the fuel of the 21st Century says Vaclav Smil. No more nation state wars, just rich against poor worldwide.
AUSNAHMEZUSTAND AUSRUFEN!
To Putin: "Tell us, as honestly as you can, are you an alien?"
What are the best conspiracy theories about the music industry?
American Aviator Charles Lindbergh, Time Magazine's first "Man of the Year" (1927), receives the Order of the German Eagle with Star from Hermann Goering (1938)
Miriam Websters Definitions of Simulation and Simulate
One thing Trump’s dictator friends have in common
Why is yawning Contagious?
There are two things that should be illegal in this country without much argument: Pay day loans and Mercenaries.
Freudian slip?
6 Million Jews Died - Published in Newspapers multiple times from 1918 to 1938 before Hitler rose to power.
Here's the ins and outs of the world's largest mass UFO sighting for #WorldUFODay 👽 The original Phoenix Lights sighting happened 22 years ago... but even now do we actually know what happened on March 13th 1997?
I think I just saw a UFO
mysterious creature Goblin frightened an American tourist in the forest on June 28, 2019. The tourist was traveling in the woods with a camera, accidentally saw a strange creature Goblin. tourist managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera. it was a real Goblin
weed
V n
Nothing to see here, folks. This is perfectly normal.
Just watched the documentary about the founder of BASE jumping, Carl Boenish, “Sunshine Superman”...
Andrew Yang and MSNBC Controversy
2 black toddlers disappeared from the play park beside the Martin Luther King Jr. Tower block in NY within the space of 3 months. Both boys had been playing with the same brother &amp; sister right before they vanished.
Facebook’s emerging cryptocurrency Libra, among others by tech giants, threatens central banks’ power over the world’s monetary system
Does anyone else think Russia is paying Colin Kaepernick to sow racial discord in America?
The machines are real and they're closer than we think...
The Number 12
Understanding Satanic Ritual Abuse
The Masters, the Order Followers, and the Enslaved
UFO Today - Former senator Harry Reid claims that UFOs are no longer speculations
Do any of you know any thing about supersoldier projects?
So what's going down at this year's grove gathering? Cremation of care is days away....I think the Podesta brothers will have a buffet of missing children for the elite per usual--what other horrifying things go down other than the weird orgies etc let's discuss the BOHEMIAN GROVE GATHERING🦉👇
Is billionaire Miles Kwok paying some of the Hong Kong protestors?
Why don’t we as Americans fight... TOGETHER
If you didn't read the news on Sunday you wouldn't have known it happened
Do most people not understand that much of the chaos in the world is because Europe created Israel &amp; Islam is returning the favor &amp; Europe still uses middle eastern oil?
Are those dumb auction pieces a front for trafficking victims?
Nine Thousand Five Hundred Officers
Anecdote about 'Gamification' of society (and hints at the near future)
Is all pizza made by pedophiles?
Protestors entered the building at 9pm, police video released at 9:30pm, video filmed at 5pm.
Anyone Else Received "Hot Singles" Direct Message on Reddit?
Strange 9/11 dynamic 2011 vs. 2019
The Illuminati By Manly P. Hall 1/5
Will I notice cutting out fluoride from water?
Just a MLK Jr. quote for no reason
Looking for researchers.
Giants were real
How Israel Censors the Internet
Venus Williams Definitely Did Not Loose Her Wimbledon Match Intentionally to a 15 Year Old Named Coco Gauff to Create a Compelling Mainstream Media Narrative.
Conspiracy Theory on Trump’s Plan to Save Israel
Am I allowed to post here
Nasa on Hebrew means to deceive?! What!
Venus Williams Definitely Did NOT Loose Her Wimbledon Match Today on Purpose to 15 Year Old Coco Gauff In Order To Create a Compelling Mainstream Media Narrative.
How do I know if the Mandela Effect is Gang Stalking me with Chemtrails?
Protestors entered the building at 9pm, police video released at 9:30pm, video filmed at 5pm. X-post from r/pics
Americas new cash cow.
Getting woke over at r/pics
01101000 01100101 01111001 00100000 01100001 01110010 01100101 00100000 01100001 01101100 01101101 01101111 01110011 01110100 00100000 01101111 01101110 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01101101 01100101
Flat Earth, No Gravity, Technology's occult significance
Reddit has lost its mind
Get yeeted
Are there?
Anyone know of the long youtube video with a young guy proving Jones and Rogan are intelligence assets?
Freemasonry deepest darkest secrets?
Punk rock is propaganda &amp; pretends not to be. It’s actually used by white supremacists &amp; white liberal supremacists. I’ve long suspected Pussy Riot was some sort of CIA psy-op. Brian Baker’s(minor threat/bad religion) started Transformer DC w/ comet ping pong Alefantis.
Venus Williams lost her Wimbledon match Intentionally to a 15 Year Old Named Coco Gauff to Create a Compelling Media Narrative.
Ever wondered why the world seems to have been hyper sexualised in the past 10+ years? 4G
After all the talk in the Democrat debate about passing the torch on, Venus Williams passes on the torch to a 15 year old Coco Gauff.
Possibly America's most ignored pyramid - the Ames Monument - Wyoming
May 13, 2001: Port loses claim for WTC asbestos removal - Business Insurance. "Asbestos abatement costs are not covered by an all-risks property policy unless an actual asbestos release or an imminent release leaves a property useless or uninhabitable, a federal judge has ruled."
If we are living in a simulation, who’s controlling it?
Possible Evidence Of Past Civilizations Along The Coast Of Chile
Apollo 11: Former NASA intern bought original Moon landing recordings for $217, could be worth $2M
Seems Like a Good Way to get Secret Satelites into Orbit
Ebooks Purchased From Microsoft Will Be Deleted This Month Because You Don't Really Own Anything Anymore
Thought youd like some positive news for a change: my new city has banned glyphosate on city/public land.
[Meta] [REQUEST] I am looking for Congressional Hearing regarding Citizens Testimony of Biological Effects from Electromagnetic Radiation - Video from late 1990'/early 2000's. More details inside
Shipping Container Modern Holocaust Boxcars?
ARE YOU TRULY WOKE? | THE REAL MATRIX | END TIME PROPHECY
I don't want to go to Google and type "Media Matters Conspiracy". That's a little intimidating. But what is their standing in the shadow realm?
Truth Seeking, Apathy, and Hatred
Background Checks EVERY TIME You Purchase Ammo!? Land of the free.
Contradiction I spotted with the Tank Man video (tiananmen square massacre)
The complete list of alternatives to all Google products
Protestors entered the building at 9pm, police video released at 9:30pm, video filmed at 5pm.
What is our purpose here on Earth? What is the end goal of those who rule over us? What truly is the point? A concept I am struggling to understand.
Best conspiracy Theories
I am in the flight path of two very busy international airports and see dozens of flights overhead every hour. Out of all those flights, only one of them leaves 'contrails' which stretch across the entire horizon.
During WW11, the Japanese dropped over 9000 fire (fugo) bombs in the US using the jet streams.
How propaganda is made, and how it generates the basis of dispute.
"Climate Change" is Bullshit. CO2 is 0.003% of the atmosphere. Humans contribute 3% of that. Nature is responsible for 97% of CO2 emissions.
The UN projects that by 2100 the global population will be at 11 billion. This impacts climate change. How are Bernie Sanders &amp; US Democrats going to control the global pop. &amp; force every country in the world to stop using fossil fuels?
The photo on the bottom you will see plastered all over by right wing concern trolls and media, to show "Antifa violence". The two photos above that will show the reality of the situation, CHUDs like this go into these areas with weapons looking for a fight, get owned then play the victim.
Portland antifa use violence, crowbar, and weapons in coordinated assaults - June 29, 2019 - June 30, 2019
Update on Wolfgang Halbig Vs Sandy Hook
There’s More Evidence of Suspected Abuse in a Prominent DC Synagogue’s Preschool
‘The enigma of the entire Mueller probe’: Focus on origins of Russian investigation puts spotlight on Maltese professor
ISIS apologizes to Israel for accidental friendly fire incident
Christopher Hitchens: "I don't trust a single thing the CIA says now or has ever said... and I have excellent reason not to do so."
The Chip We All Have.
The 1953 book "Mars Project" by famous rocket scientist Werner Von Braun says the leader of Mars shall be called "Elon". Someone pulled the original German manuscript out of archives to debunk this myth, only to confirm that Von Braun did indeed predict he would be called "Elon".
America's Concealed Crisis: Fifty Years Of Economic Decline, 1969 To 2019
MUST READ - The Greatest Financial Crime in the History of the World - TIMELINE
High level illuminati insider did an AMA in 2008?
NBC allegedly puts pimple on Tulsi Gabbards chin
The FBI is investigating Antifa for trying to buy guns from a Mexican cartel to start an armed rebellion.
Tom DeLonge's recent tweet
Mossad Chief Bluntly Blames Iran for Tanker Attacks ... "He did not provide any evidence to support his claim or explain how the Israeli authorities had come to that conclusion."
Forceful replacement of people by doubles
33 Things I've Learned In 33 Years - Am I Conspiracy Theorist?
People you trusted are now hijacking the Internet
Could someone help decrypt this pictures symbolism? I see the 9 as the Fibonacci sequence, but I can’t really understand the rest.
WTF?!?!?!?? 2nd page of new right now, something has to be up.
How ridiculous was this bullshit? Giant check, season tickets, free hat, free t-shirt, ok no more talk about biggest mass shooting ever, k?
Tom DeLonge recent tweet
Are there any conspiracies I can feel GOOD about?
Temperature forcast over years
The difference between ‘left’ and ‘right’ here. Conservatives see Trump’s short notice visit to N Korea as an innocent gesture to bring peace to the region that no other President could do before him. The left sees Kim finally finding someone dumb enough to give him what he’s always wanted, nukes.
S4E34 - The Moon Landing Hoax Pt 2
FBI Shill Blows Cover on 8Chan by Accident
Our Fascist Occupied Media
What is Gollum or the Goblin? Strange creature in the bushes in the forest of Russia. Hunter left at night in the woods with a camera, looking for the calf in the bushes he saw a strange creature like Gollum
My thoughts on why you don't want to work the way they want you to work.
r/bikinibottomtwitter is hiding my post because I used the word gay. You can’t find it outside this link.
What if YOU were from another planet
Did Dictator Kim swipe right on Trump’s booty call or is this a dangerous new policy designed to freeze N Korea as the nuclear leader on the peninsula?
r/bikinibottomtwitter is supressing my post. Wtf. It’s got over 90% upvoted and over 70 points and it doesn’t even show up anywhere on the sub.
How Smart Dust and Microchip Implants receive power
PSA: I regularly receive death threats and other direct calls to violence against me personally. Despite reporting all of these instances to the admins, the users who send the threats are almost never punished, and continue abusing Reddit with impunity.
The Real Drug Lords: A brief history of CIA involvement in the Drug Trade
How smart dust and microchip implants receive power
The Truth About Islam
95 GHz wavelength weapon is currently used by the US govt, but it's fine to use a similar frequency for 5G?
Don’t Fall For Manipulated Google Search Results
My work antics
NATO’s 2011 Intervention in Libya Irreversibly Destabilised the World
Prove that Hong Kong police allows protesters to storm LegCo intentionally
Washington State accidentally releases EMF mind control files?
Remember when the News Reported that 2 of the 9/11 Hijackers Were Renting a Room from an FBI Informant before 9/11?
Revealed below: Trump’s plan to MAGA, bring peace to the world and reveal deep state lies!
Tiers of people who break through to the truth, and tiers of people who help to keep you from the truth. Help me make a list.
Why transgender ideology is a conspiracy.
Top Post of /r/conservatives is literal Russian Propaganda
UN Rapporteur on Torture Nils Melzer exposes propaganda and censorship in Assange reporting
Iran is set to breach the jcpoa nuclear limit and israel says its grounds to attack Tehran. Israel hacked and sabotaged jcpoa while using the shin bet/ mossad/ Aman to help trump win and kill jcpoa. They screwed the deal and are now using it to start a war. Israel is the aggressive state.
Inside the Secret Border Patrol Facebook Group Where Agents Joke About Migrant Deaths and Post Sexist Memes
Amusing Pinky and the Brain ('95) episode. The Brain devises a plan to use hypnosis, media control and anti-gravity to take over the world.
The rich and powerful are so worried about a Labour government redistributing wealth and power that they're stepping up their attacks on me, those close to me, my staff and our movement. The answer is to come together to deliver real change and hope to all our communities.
Dog now suffers from seizures for the rest of his life thanks to vaccine
My cities public transportation is phasing out a completely reasonable mobile/cash ticket system in favor of having to scan your phone to pay (apple pay...)
Trump to win a Nobel Prize
My city’s public transportation is phasing out perfectly reasonable mobile tickets in favor of having to scan your phone (Apple Pay) every time you board the bus. No thanks...
It's not a conspiracy if it's actually happening: How Saudi Arabia and the UAE are fueling tensions with Iran
An observation that may have conspiracy elements.
Portland antifa use violence, crowbar, and weapons in coordinated assaults - June 29, 2019 - June 30, 2019
Antifa are a communist domestic terrorist organization, protected by the police/government and cheerleaded by the Establishment media
With CAIR’s Backing, Rep. Ilhan Omar Targets FBI Terror Database
London Metro (Subway) Theft Crime Up 80% in 3 Years
Conspiracies That Matter - Any nation which is attacking another nation but was not earlier actually attacked by the nation it is attacking can be considered a conspiratorial, terrorist state which is in violation of international law. Let's build a list of such nations.
Mossad Director: Arabs Allying With Israel Vs. Iran « Breaking Defense
Trump’s ‘How to Start a Civil War playbook’: 1. shade all our allies and praise the dictators with the worst human rights violations on the planet. 2. Manufacture a 4th of July event on the national mall (with tanks) to guarantee you have a clash of protests on what is supposed to be a holiday. 🤔
A good man describes why all US cities should ban facial recognition software
Microsoft Attempting to Either Control or Destroy Open Source
Uh why would they not think these had significance? This seems crazy
The centuries old scheme, to enslave the Hearts and Minds of the Caucasian race
Police won't arrest homeless because they have bed bugs, disease, and can't pay the bonds to the city.
Feds warn of violent political attacks on Fourth of July
Brigading. A myth. A truth. A cold fact.
Tjmaxx is owned by the russian spys!
The Climate Change Agenda
We are being further divided by the powers that be. There is only one social divide that is acceptable:
Hitler was Time's Man of the Year in 1938. Media has been pushing fake news propaganda for a LONG time.
How to force war with Iran? Stop them from selling enriched uranium to European energy buyers, forcing their stockpiles to exceed previously agreed upon limits. 🤔 Brilliant!
Craziest and Obscure Conspiracy Theorists
ANTIFA are socialist/Fascists, just like the Nazis. And just like the Nazis, they use totalitarian methods –using violence and intimidation to advance their agenda. Exactly the same as Hitler’s methods.They are useful idiots bought by powerful psychopathic control freaks who want to destroy America.
People in Sweden Undergoing Microchipping.
Step 1: Normalize the weapons of war.
How is this not a wholesome meme? Second time. Something is going on.
TJMAXX IS OWNED BY RUSSIAN HACKER SPYS!!!
Amusing Pinky and the Brain ('95) episode. The Brain devises a plan to use hypnosis, media control and anti-gravity to take over the world.
NSA caught illegally collecting phone data. Again.
A well timed re post from 2 years ago.
Sometimes you need a palate cleanser, and I thought you guys might appreciate this as one
Baby Pope meets Real Pope
According to Saul Alinsky here are 8 levels of control that must be obtained before you are able to create a social state. Does this sound like what is happening to our nation today?
Possibly Ripe for a BIG Event.
Anyone else think that reddit is suspiciously quiet regarding yesterday’s Trump-Kim Jong Un meeting?
Who else are they selling!!
Does Portland have cops bought out by Antifa?
Supreme Court says police can take blood from unconscious people without a warrant
Chuck Schumer is gay. He married a man who is kinda sorta attempting to look like a woman.
It is in the interest of TPTB to stop the spread of 5G.
Does Kim Jong Un have a serious respiratory illness?
Far right trolls are now encouraging online communities to vote for low polling Dem candidates 🙄
Here is the new r/conspiracy sub: All conspiracies are an evil deep state Antifa agenda. Only the alt-right employs critical thinking. Opinions and views that counter are labeled Antifa, shill or evil. The left is suddenly the ‘party of violence’ . Oh and tune in hourly for your bible scripture.
Jewish Group Takes Stand Against Israel's Brutal Occupation, Demands End to 'AIPAC-Created Status Quo': "It is about time we realize the status quo is not working to bring peace to the region."
R/conspiracy needs to change.
Antifa Plots Acid Attack At DC Free Speech Rally
Ice 1.5m thick as Mexican city hit by freak hail
The first sitting POTUS crosses demarcation line into North Korea, and for a significant portion of yesterday there were *zero* threads on this monumentally significant world event on the first 5 to 6 pages of /r/all. Reddit has become unrecognizable.
Carlos Maza &amp; Co Are Crypto-Facist
Q accurately foreshadowed the death of McCain in multiple drops. We don't know the exact cause of death, but Q did say he did not depart on his own terms. One theory is that he was secretly tried my military tribunal and sentenced to death. This had to be done in secret to preserve the republic.
spamming this around. I made it as an eye opener art piece. These operations are big with current events
Mind Control | EXTREME DANGER EXTREME HYPNOSIS DOCUMENTARY
GOOGLE: "Organic is a Lie, Supplements are Dangerous, Chiropractic is Fake," and Other Thoughts They Want You To Think
Important information each of you should consume regarding Freemasonry
Major City Blocking 5G Cell Towers Over Concerns They Can Cause Cancer
Iran’s statements regarding them exceeding previously agreed upon limits of enriched uranium are actually coming from the Trump Administration. To garner false favor for a war, it is exceedingly difficult in today’s world of cameras and social media, but words can be controlled by propaganda.
That it's an Alien creature or an alien egg found in the basement
Best Bigfoot footage yet? Patterson-Gimlin 4K Neural Remaster
watch
Sidewalk Labs’ blueprint for a ‘mini’ smart city is a massive data mine
"Climate Change" is Bullshit. 2019 is the 30th Anniversary of the UN's 1989 “10 years to save the world” Climate Warning
https://www.cia.gov/library/abbottabad-compound/FC/FC2F5371043C48FDD95AEDE7B8A49624_Springmeier.-.Bloodlines.of.the.Illuminati.R.pdf
Obama was the Last President... the end of an era.
36 Jewish protesters arrested at ICE detention center in New Jersey
https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIA-RDP88-01315R000300510116-8.pdf
Why did all of the Occupy groups shut down?
Why Soros Loves Koch
Why Soros Love Koch
Fuck the square and compass
Harsh Contrast: The New York Times Caught Providing Blatant Terrorist Propaganda - Comparison of Clarity of Signal Evidentiary Material on FSA Propagandist Hadi Abdullah With New York Times Promotional Video
What if we are the robots that we are scared of ?
Portland antifa use violence, crowbar, and weapons in coordinated assaults - June 29, 2019 - June 30, 2019
Mysterious creature Goblin frightened an American tourist in the forest on June 28, 2019. The tourist was traveling in the woods with a camera, accidentally saw a strange creature Goblin. tourist managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera. it was a real Goblin. they say now in the forests o
It’s just 5 FEET of hail in Mexico, nothing to see here!
Nothing to see here... it’s just 5’ of hail in Mexico
The Real Reason Why Etika Ending His Life (Unspoken Truth)
Why Are Democratic Party Candidates Pretending to Compete After What We Saw Last Time?
Mysterious creature Goblin frightened an American tourist in the forest on June 28, 2019. The tourist was traveling in the woods with a camera, accidentally saw a strange creature Goblin. tourist managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera. it was a real Goblin
Sorry again but this is not a coincidence. It's like something is being planned to happen.
Cyberpunk 2077 Media Attack: Financial Trail Leads Back to Epic Games?
Gaudalajara Mexico hit by massive hailstorm. Weather conspiracy or climate change?
Regardless of who tells you otherwise, this is NOT a peaceful protest nor a legit one. There are high chances that cover ups are occurring and the rioters will be treated like local matyrs afterwards. I can only sense this infinitely escalating.
Why is the government trying to hold back DMT research?
The Real Reason Why Etika Ending His Life (Unspoken Truth)
Who REALLY Built London ? Not British Geezers for 100% for sure
Complete coincidence
RED Label
Antifa Portland Attacks With Crowbars
The Plan of the world
Warren Commission Member Hale Boggs was Early Backer of "INCA Truth Tapes Program" - a CIA proprietary that staged a radio debate with Oswald three months before the assassination in which he declared he was a "Marxist."
11-22-1963 - George Bush Creates an Alibi
George Bush in Dallas on the Night Before Kennedy's Murder
In a couple of months something vaccine related is going to happen and it will shock everyone
Trump just scored major wins against Israel (no war w/ Iran and more friendly w/ N. Korea), so Mossad is trying to resurrect Antifa.
The Moon Landing was Faked by Kubrick--It's 50 years now
No Justice for Epstein's Victims
What is a Chupacabra or a Strange creature found in the woods, the creature was small in size length 30 inches on the head were the horns, the muzzle is short poorly understood. the creature is not like any animal. maybe it's a mutant or a mysterious creature Chupacabra
Maidan coup Ambassador sets his sights on destroying Orthodox Church
Tips to Make Thousands Dollars in a Week. Must Watch - IMC Business Plan
Reality is the true enemy of the neoliberal capitalistic mindset.
Thoughts?
Give me interesting conspiracy videos to watch.
Twitter shadowbanned my reply about a botnet theory.
📣 Nodis.io Will Begin Its IEO At Fexpro.Net On July 15, 2019 🔥🔥🔥
Help with a conspiracy theory revolving around how long humanity has been on this planet
Book suggestions?
He died in May 19th,what a coincidence.
Candyrella
The Earth Is Flat Around my Neighborhood
What if Musicians are Possessed by Angels?
Why does r/croatia have two random under-aged women on their banner?
It’s amazing how after frequenting only r/conspiracy Reddits, this pops up after closing the app after commenting and posting on this subreddit just minutes ago...
!!!!!
In an astonishing turn, George Soros and Charles Koch team up to end US ‘forever war’ policy
NBC edits a pimple onto Tulsi Gabbard's face during Dem debates
This is not a "peaceful protest." It has clearly been compromised.
Seriously, the “Powers That Be” are aging and are much older than most of us, so what are we so afraid of??
Cool article from the guardian that talks about how to lay out an arguement
Illuminati insiders leak mind control secrets: CIA summoning demonic spirits to possess the minds of victims
Waccamaw child suicides
WTF is going on here??? - "George Soros and Charles Koch team up to end US ‘forever war’ policy"
I know a lot of liberals, and none of them are on reddit. Who are all these people posting liberal stuff on Reddit?
I've seen this pic on every single YouTube post.
Spanish Fourth Division Club Officially Changed Their Name To Flat Earth FC
Tidbits for Tats
Putin G20 Press Conference. He understands US corporations left the middle class &amp; poor behind while reaping all the benefits for themselves.
Something strange to consider before you sleep tonight
The Media Are Stochastic Terrorists
FLAT!!!!!
iPhone Spying
S-200 missile? Downed jet? Drone? UFO crashes in N. Cyprus amid ‘Israeli raid’ on Syria (PHOTOS)
Saw accusations that concrete milkshakes were something the police made up. Evidence that Antifa is a terrorist group here.
U.S. May Outlaw Messaging Encryption Used By WhatsApp, iMessage And Others, Report
They missed out a ton of land considering they currently &amp; historically didn't mind a little ethnic cleansing. Oh well, their loss.
At first, Dershowitz welcomed this Epstein-related lawsuit. Now he wants it tossed out
His name was Isaac Kappy
The “wholesome” meme is part of a larger effort to commodify this website and the internet as a whole
Reddit everyday feels like Russian ad buys. Every power in the world is here fighting for your mind. They must reinforce divisions of political party, race, religion, etc. or else they lose to humanity.
Anyone else sick of this moms dumbass fake story, can’t believe people think it’s not a kid in a morph suit
BBC has completely stopped all reporting on anti-immigration political groups since 10 months ago, coinciding with sweeping government censorship changes and YouTube PayPal Twitter mass banning of political dissidents. Hear no evil See no evil Speak no evil.
Uh what happened to r/The_Donald?
What is your best/favorite documentary or article invovling 911?
How imminent is a financial crash?
Something Wicked This Way Comes - The Bob Lazar saga and anniversary
The D'arc Side of the Moon
D'arc Side of the Moon
Interesting find regarding John Podesta and party
I kind of find it hard to believe the USA Women's soccer jersey is the highest selling ever soccer jersey on nike.com
Eugenics has made a come back.
Where does one watch/find videos on various conspiracy theories now that YouTube and Google are more or less completely censored?
FAKE PIMPLE on Tulsi Gabbard? Thoughts?
1996 episode of Married with Children hints at Bruce Jenner eventual transformation years later.
Reddit "Home" seems to be a giant filter bubble
MSNBC digitally adds a FAKE PIMPLE on Tulsi Gabbard.
Low key thinking about starting something , tell me how it feels
German soldiers disappearing in D-Day
Latest from SOPH, uploaded today, save it before it gets deleted
Chick-fil-A has a farm for chickens and employees in both cases robots are used on the farm.
The Most Powerful Plant on Earth? | The Hemp Conspiracy
Excellent conspiracy speculation series
More calls for violence in r/vaxxhappened
[Discussion] How would society react if the UFO phenomenon was confirmed to be of extraterrestrial origin by several trusted government agencies?
Not getting answers anywhere else, RT and IMDB of no help, what was the name of this chyck from this show again???
I’ve been trying to tell people this was a thing for years now and finally people (my dad) are coming around
Not on the MSM evening news: Donald Trump becomes first sitting U.S. president to step into North Korea
Antifa terrorist once again beat and attack people on the streets of Portland, this time attacking police and local reporter
Jimmy Dore Bashed by Cop in Portland
5G network is designed for mass mind control of citizens
You Have Been Invited To The SLS, A Psychonautic/Psychosis Friendly Berserk Circus!
At 23:27, Bella Thorne, former Disney child actor, talks about how she was molested as a kid. Even during the time she was working for Disney.
Celebrities faking their death (like XXXtentacion) to traumatize people and human sacrifice theories?
In an astonishing turn, George Soros and Charles Koch team up to end US ‘forever war’ policy
Proof that the Jews did 911
Is this proof of an afterlife?
[5G Informational] "CBS This Morning" conducted a segment on the impact of the new 5G Wireless towers a year ago (20180614). As enrollment of the tech still unfolds, bear in mind that this will continue lest local authorities are demanded to provide insight into studies on 5G on health
[5G Awareness] Senator Patrick Colbeck testifies against the dangers of 5G - 20180529
The publication of a short clip with no context is being used by the MSM, Reddit and the left to make Ivanka Trump appear incompetent and worse even though her comments made sense given the topic.
[5G Awareness] "Environmental Health Trust" on behalf of Theodora Scarato did a Testimony @ the Montgomery County Council last October regarding adverse health effects of 5G. Remember this issue can not be solved lest "We the People" participate in the Process as well. [Volume Warning]
r/news bots are removing articles on a whim, here are 3 of the 10 posts I made on the subreddit that have been removed:
[5G Awareness] "Environmental Health Trust" on behalf of Theodora Scarato did a Testimony @ the Montgomery County Council last October regarding adverse health effects of 5G. Remember this issue can not be solved lest "We the People" participate in the Process as well. [Volume Warning]
r/news bots are removing articles submitted on a whim, here are 3 of the 10 of the most I made to the subreddit that have been removed.
r/news bots are removing articles at a whim, here’s 3 of the 10 posts I have submitted to the subreddit that have been removed.
Israel just launched Missiles to provoke a war
List of minimum annual leave by country
Big tech corporations trade their consumers' private information with the government in order to freely violate anti-trust/monopoly laws
You know that dopamine hit you get from confirmation bias when you see yet another piece of information that confirms your view? It feels good doesn’t it? This is not one of those times.
Dating after taking the proverbial red pill
A damning report by the Global Commission on Drug Policy that explains the devastating failure that is the War on Drugs
Wyoming is not real
[5G Awareness] "Environmental Health Trust" on behalf of Theodora Scarato did a Testimony @ the Montgomery County Council last October regarding adverse health effects of 5G. Remember this issue can not be solved lest "We the People" participate in the Process as well. [Volume Warning]
[5G Informational] "CBS This Morning" conducted a segment on the impact of the new 5G Wireless towers a year ago (20180614). As enrollment of the tech still unfolds, bear in mind that this will continue lest local authorities are demanded to provide insight into studies on 5G on health
U.S. PREPS FOR IRAN | HEAT WAVE | SEVERE WEATHER | RADIATION PROBLEMS
[Mods] Can you take tell u/rConBot to take it easy on post-removal when posting f.ex. clips with self-explanatory titles?! It's frustrating to re-post the same clip over and over again to make the title "Fit" with what this "5 year old toddler" deems legit.
[5G] Theodora Scarato of "Environmental Health Trust testifies in Montgomery County regarding adverse health effects from 5G. Newsclip from Firefighters losing memory and getting cognitive impacts falso included - 20180925 [Volume Warning!]
How UFOs work using Electromagnetic Gravitic Propulsion - Must have information!
Found an interesting conspiracy video on Joe Rogan.
CBS This Morning - 5G Wireless towers raise Health &amp; Property Value Concerns - 20180614 - Mods; Stop removing relevant videos when titles are self-explanatory. This is my second attempt on this particular clip.
[5G] Senator Patrick Colbeck Warning Testimony regarding 5G - 20180529
Fourth of July (False flag operation coming?)
So Anarchy Has Never Worked You Say?
If you see the following things happening in your country...
The Greatest Deception 2019 documentary
The true enemies are not human.
Putin explains why liberalism has outgrown its usefulness. Get ready for normalization.
CBS This Morning - 5G Wireless towers raise Health &amp; Property Value Concerns - 20180614
The Government Conspiracy
Why is everything so f'd up in this world?
Druidism &amp; Psychiatry - article by L. Ron Hubbard
Brand new iPhone... nothing ever searched before. This is Apple’s News trending stories after today’s historic meeting.
Theory: Trump banned muslims to gain favor with China (known muslim haters) and befriended Russia, despite the election hacking, in order to strong arm our only real threats in North Korea and Iran
The majority of drug arrests are for 1 gram or less. Most are for marijuana. Couldn’t the powers that be catch some of the big fish. Oh I forgot the powers that be are the big fish. They won’t arrest themselves.
Why is no one talking about this? Crazy people, the paranormal, and conspiracies
In high school, I dated a girl that said she could see “spirits.” Here’s why I believed her.
Larry King tells Bill Clinton that he will be working for Ted Turner AFTER he is ELECTED. Most politicians work for the council on foreign relations. They brainwash you into consensual voting or is it rigged? Does media control the population through opinion?
Cops Escalate--EMT killed (there is a conspiracy angle)
The Deceptive Nature Of Synchronicities Sheds Light Into The Gangstalking Phenomenon, Schizophrenia, And Our Delusions!
Skin suit?
Yes, we should be concerned about aluminum in vaccines
God vs. The Great Serpent. Understanding the Bible.
"Antifa Viciously Bloodied an Old man in Portland with crowbar" Antifa are using crowbars and throwing "milkshakes" made with quick dry cement. Why isn't this story at the top of /r/all? I'll tell you why, because it was Antifa who were violent.
You never hear shit about Vegas anymore
A mind-boggling "non-issue"
Fighting over the planet's thermostat will lead to wars. Multiply a common household quarrel by seven billion. Since fossil fuels are still by far the most effective way to power weapons (nukes aside), those wars will be won by the side that emits the most carbon.
This sub has government-backed trolls moderating it and that's why it's Pro-Trump Pro-Russia Anti-US 90% of the Time
Where do you tend to look for historical information?
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THIS - CRAZY PEOPLE and the PARANORMAL and CONSPIRACIES
Stupid Question: Was 6 Million Fact or Fiction removed from Amazon? I can read the reviews but cant view the product.
I think we need a new narrative.
Gavin andresen killed satoshi nakamoto to get his bitcoins but never found them
Gavin andresen killed satoshi nakamoto to get his bitcoins but never found them
Historian exposes the secret war blueprint that Iran-hating psychopath, John Bolton, will employ to set the Middle East ablaze
TIL: Judge Doom's scheme to dismantle the street cars in favor of freeways in Who Framed Roger Rabbit was based on a real life conspiracy from General Motors
Canadian Cartoonist fired after his Trump Cartoon goes viral
Read this before it's gone
VACCINES ARE GOOD FOR YOUR CHILDREN
The nazi bell / interstellar
(big people who rule the world) JUST (blurred) ME help me, upvote and share
Reminder: The U.S. media is controlled by just FIVE companies now, and it is only getting worse.
Double the spoopy.
Kanye West claims award shows are rigged for Beyoncé
Deepnude's application seems to be taken over and given new life.
Instead of President Trump being in North Korea, this is the top post in the News Feed.
Canadian artist,cartoonist, editor fired over this piece. Brunswick News and their wealthy owners have "financial " interests in the US. I wonder what financial relationship?
Breaking down the lie about Antifa.
Weather Control
It will happen by 2030
It's only a matter of time before this sub is shutdown too!
Mysterious creature scares people in the woods? The dwarf frightened the American in the forest. now people are afraid to go to these forests
Anyone notice the lack of Venezuela news since the latest failed CIA coup? Also, it's time to revisit the last failed coup in 2002, as well as the suspicious death of Hugo Chavez.
Huge Wall Hidden Behind Blur - Are They Trying To Cover up Ancient Site?
Bella Thorne's Big Reveal on Growing up Disney - YouTube
France Has Assassinated 22 African Presidents Since 1963
The cult of personality
Google Says "Organic is a Lie": Google is autocompleting the search fields of billions of users with false information (topics ranging from natural health to candidates for election), based not on objective search volume data, but an extremely biased political and socio-economic agenda.
The war-lobby corporate criminals tried to sell a direct war with Iran to the banking mafia
Cartoonist who drew controversial Trump cartoon dropped from newspapers
Mysterious creature scares people in the woods? The dwarf frightened the American in the forest. now people are afraid to go to these forests
Found in the woods while hiking.
"There is a conspiracy to sexualize our children." That's how Jah9 (reggae artist) introduced this song at a live performance. Check it out
Sometime in the 1980's my woke old uncle Frank said that once homosexuality is widely embraced, (((they))) will start pushing pedophilia. Here we are in 2019:
Clear censorship against the left.
Proof of the existence of a Mysterious creature? The dwarf frightened the American in the forest. now people are afraid to go to these forests
I don't have proof- but there is something fishy happening here... Recent phenomenon
After winning elections, Muslim parties demanding to declare Belgium as Islamic country They want the churches to be shut/converted to mosques..
G20 agreed on 4 tools for mass control
Barack is gay, Michelle is a tranny: Did these comments get Joan Rivers killed?
This is unacceptable!! The fact that this has not reached mainstream media yet just shows how politically biased they are. We need to stand up and support our fellow conservatives. #ProtectAndyNgo https://www.gofundme.com/f/protect-andy-ngo&amp;rcid=r01-156190166795-1bd1695ee2f94416&amp;pc=ot_co_campmgmt_m
Proof of the existence of a Mysterious creature? The dwarf frightened the American in the forest. now people are afraid to go to these forests
A nuclear strike (or multiple) killed everything on mars and the planet itself.
Video of the first US President to visit North Korea. Remember Dennis Rodman visited &amp; stated he tried to reach out to Obama admin &amp; was ignored. Why did it take Trump &amp; Rodman to make this happen?
True account of 1st integrated. Black student bused to white school FL, "I cried like a baby". Man who made history in Broward schools heads back to class — to teach
Spike in suicides in US is a PSYOP to eliminate future potential dissidents / sub-par citizens when they show ealry signs / red flags of these personalities (similar to heugenetics in Nazi Germany).
What's the deal with North Korea?
[Meta] Hong Kong pro-police protests: Hypocrisy
Mysterious creature, the dwarf attacked the Americans in the woods. now people are afraid to go to these forests
Two psychos using their years of political experiences and dealing, their deep understanding of human nature, and their connection to the world at large to simply smile on TV.
Why are so many WTC First Responders dying?
N8S: the beginning of a "New Democracy" and a "New World" and it all started here on Reddit. (kinda)
"Climate Change" is Bullshit. Why Politicized Science is Dangerous
Canadian Cartoonist Fired After His Trump Cartoon Goes Viral
Blackouts prophecy
Mysterious creature, the dwarf attacked the Americans in the woods. now people are afraid to go to these forests
(META) Fascist talk in sub lately
Having you seen the Sandy Hook Bobbie Parker video?
The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews
NYT Editor Made A Graph Showing The Democrats Pivoted Far-Left. He Used It To Call Republicans Far-Right
Goblin scared the tourists in the forest of Russia June 28, 2019. A tourist was traveling in the forests of Russia with a camera, accidentally saw a strange creature Goblin. tourist managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera. it was a real Goblin. speak now in the forests of Russia is very
Eyes Wide Shut Satanic Occult Scene in reverse It's a Romanian Orthodox Christian chant
If the Mafia had figured out how to make it taboo to discuss their criminality, it would have never been eradicated.
Goblin scared the tourists in the forest of Russia June 28, 2019. A tourist was traveling in the forests of Russia with a camera, accidentally saw a strange creature Goblin. tourist managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera. it was a real Goblin. speak now in the forests of Russia is very
[meta] The joy of arguments and debates on r/conspiracy...
Accidentally bumped into this guy on Twitter who claims to have seen the Tankman. Any thoughts?
America is Resorting to False Flags to Start Iran War - Abby Martin
Aliens and Extinction.
Don't watch "Funimation dubs"
Ouroboros and Number 33
5G Technician Reveals The Damage He Believes 5G Will Cause
DeepNudes is being extremely exagerated all over the media
Take this with a grain of salt. I wasn’t even alive when JFK was assassinated. But I will say this. If you needed a plan that would kill JFK and make sure no one would ever know the truth about what happened, I think it’s pretty easy.
TIL: For those who follow the global conspiracy that is the "spending" of taxes, to blow-up other nations.... here is some surprisingly balanced insight from Pat Buchanan (former, multi-Administration official), of all people.
TIL: For those who follow the global conspiracy that is the "spending" of taxes, to blow-up other nations.... here is some surprisingly balanced insight rom Pat Buchanan, of all people.
Goblin scared the tourists in the forest of Russia June 28, 2019. A tourist was traveling in the forests of Russia with a camera, accidentally saw a strange creature Goblin. tourist managed to remove the mysterious creature on camera. it was a real Goblin. speak now in the forests of Russia is very
Sphinx scandal: Pyramid Lies from the famous Scientists
YouTube directing people to extreme content and conspiracies
[META] Ever since T_D has been quarantined, this sub has been increasingly flooded by Trump supporters looking to push an agenda.
How Ron Paul Was Cheated Out Of Presidency
The first U.S. President stepping into North Korea is suspiciously missing from every single political and news subreddit
‘Metal Gear’ Video Game Is an ‘American Intelligence Project,’ Russian Official Says
Is Qatar funding ISIS terrorism?
Que creisi aquí dice que tengo 13 días de edad, me imagino cuando nací y tenia 13 días también jajajaj quien diría que 19 años después estaría aquí como pendejo LAS QUESADILLAS LLEVAN QUESO jaja kreisi
The average Joe is struggling. Mega rich not so much
New Conspiracy TV Show on Amazon Prime: anyone else seen it?
Iran is using Western counter-drone technology against American Drone - Fighter Jets World
Did YouTube just block RT's video of Trump/Kim DMZ meeting?
Our brains are more active while we are asleep. We are not resting while in REM (Rapid Eye Movement) Nobody knows or talks about what happens almost half our lives. We just sleep.
Our brains are more active while we are asleep. We are not resting. Nobody knows are talks about what happens almost half our lives.
More evidence of Koch Brothers supporting the Oregon legislator walk out through front group.
Horrors Behind Shirley Temple - Documentary
Read the Michael Crichton book State of Fear to understand this day and age
The dwarf frightened the American in the forest. the American was traveling in the woods shooting nature, accidentally saw a gnome, he was hiding in the tree. video evidence here
The strange case of a former U.S. Air Force member shot down over Libya while flying bombing runs for a local Libyan rebel group. Flashback: It was a former U.S. Marine who was arrested in connection with the attack on the North Korean embassy in Spain.
Signal that has been interfering with airplanes in Israeli airspace is detectable from space, appears to come from new deployment of Moscow’s electronic warfare systems
The dwarf frightened the American in the forest. the American was traveling in the woods shooting nature, accidentally saw a gnome, he was hiding in the tree. video evidence here.
NBC News™ adds a deep-fake pimple onto Tulsi Gabbard's chin during the live streaming of the first Democratic™ debate.
DownWithTyranny!: Why Are Republicans Like Chris Christie Pushing So Hard For A Biden Candidacy?
Who is a celebrity you didn’t see the same after finding out what they are involved in/apart of?
The Mystery | Themystery
Three days after the quarantine, a post related to Cops goes viral in this sub
Why Are Republicans Like Chris Christie Pushing So Hard For A Biden Candidacy?
A new rabbit hole for the bored and jaded
Everyone is getting super hyped for the new tech that is coming out, but their is still the problem of Solar Flares
Fall of New York
Joe rogan is a shill who wants to get you hooked on DMT
Is Brian D. Hill asking QANON for help (S.O.S.) against Federal tyrants of Deep State?
Crickets
davidreiss666 a powermod to most mainstream subs, calls for the murder of the president. Will Reddit take action?
Anti-Globalist Movement
“But they’re just milkshakes”
Left-wing subreddits on Reddit directly call for violence regularly and are directly responsible for the Asian man that got attacked
Masterclass posts videos/sponsors them on YouTube to encourage people to watch celebrities who will be featured on there website
The authority over presidential debates is a made up a deceptive organization created by Dems &amp; Repubs so they could stop participating in debates by citizen led groups. The League of Women Voters used to hold excellent presidential debates but didn't want to deceive the US Public any longer.
'Surveillance Scores' Can Cost You BIG'
Someone recommended I do an AMA so here it is.
What do you think happened at Sandy Hook Elementary School on 12/14/2012?
the real lesson in the boy who cries wolf
Ask Me Anything - I Worked At The "New" Area 51 (2008-2012)
Zodiakos (Zodiac): The Circle of Holy Animals 1/11
Theories On The Date Of The Megalithic Stones At The Base Of Temple Mount?
Trinity by the flow
NBC claims Tulsi Gabbard's recent polling is due to "trolls"
Intelligent free thinkers used to be called heretics and now they are called conspiracy theorists
Tulsi Gabbard Puts Morning Joe Host In Her Place!
Why worry if there is nothing we can do?
Bad Conspiracy Theories (Comedy Sketch)
Journalist Andy Ngo Violently Attacked By Antifa in Portland -- As Police Watch and Do Nothing
Is there a name for this?
This is how msm is controlled propaganda
Understanding life warnings
Why are network shows (nbc, cnn, abc etc) and tech giants (google, facebook, etc) strongly pushing liberal viewpoints while suppressing conservative ones?
Found the female mod - banned on black people Twitter for commenting on a white woman soccer player...hummmmmmm?
[Meta] Barrett Brown on r/conspiracy 6 days ago "Because I can't reach him in order to smash his head against the floor" - What level of advocacy for violence is allowed on this sub?
Israel bossing the USA around... Again
A racist white liberal mob attacks Asian man in Downtown Portland — this displays how militant white liberals are. This is unfortunately a common symptom of being raised in the suburbs then being indoctrinated at a 4 year university that sold them debt.
Conservative campaign disinformation campaign is well underway. https://www.newsweek.com/fake-biden-campaign-website-being-run-secretly-trump-campaign-operative-report-1446693
This was just censored from the #1 spot on /r/all; "Cops illegally confiscate guys phone and accidentally record themselves debating the best way to frame him".
Mayor, doctors and social workers arrested in scheme to brainwash children into believing they had been abused and sell them. These people deserve to go to prison forever.
Conspiracy conscious stand-up comedy by Jason Robo (Bill Hicks &amp; Carlinesque)
Welcome to the upside down world.
Another oil company lying about an oil leak,slowly poisoning our oceans.
Israel’s Ministry of Strategic Affairs promoting a job offer on my twitter feed
Does anyone have a link to the lady prime minister shaking (not sure if she’s actually PM) and the other guy that was blinking and not speaking?
An Alien Question
ultra truth
Conspiracy: Toilets
Stop being an immoral piece of trash. Even if you have to quit your job to stop hurting others. The cold hard truth from Mark Passio.
The Trump Cult &amp; The Republican Conspiracy: This article explains, and proves, how Fox News brainwashes millions of people into believing liberals are evil demons
BD Wong's character was always evil!
remember MMORPG conspiracies where a big game bubble is created for players to find clues in? Conservatives have “gameified” indoctrination and disinformation.
An interview with James Fetzer who challenged the Sandy Hoax
My friend was killed while trying to fly to close to a military base. No radio calls, no warnings, just blown out of the sky
Startup packs all 16GB of Wikipedia onto DNA strands to demonstrate new storage tech - CNET
Reddit Ignores Calls For Violence On Left-Leaning Subreddits Despite Censoring Pro-Trump Subreddit.
Protestors in France
John Quincy Adams thru a nutty lens
Boys raped by priests at 'satanic parties' (BBC)
NYT calls for the doxxing and defamation of ICE agents for performing their duties.
Not Facebook but he’s a goldmine for shit like this
The 100% Truth behind Remote Neural Monitoring - Electromagnetic Energy Weapons
Are we living in a simulation?
Phillip Defranco EXPOSED! Spreads FAKE News To Protect Google -- The Quartering 20 min
Investigation Shows Hundreds Of Patients Dying At Rehab Centers
DARPA's Super soldiers will control robotic exoskeletons using their mind
The Castle of Cagliostro, and how creator Miyazaki explicitly, plainly, and demonstrably exposes the Rothschilds control over the world in this film. This is a big compendium post demonstrating not only a full expose on Rothschilds, but a brief history of Freemasonry as well, through Miyazakis eye.
Marianne Williamson also claiming her mic was off.
Someone I know claims: the sun has turned brighter, hotter, whiter "and is burning helium". Thought you may be able to give me some info on this.
How Big Pharma Suppresses ‘Biosimilars’
The mother of all conspiracies: Neoliberalism has tricked us into believing a fairytale about where money comes from.
Urgent to watch? A little Alien or Goblin scared the American tourist in the forest. The American was traveling in the woods accidentally met a mysterious creature. video evidence. Watch the video on YouTube at this link
Italian police arrest 18 for allegedly brainwashing and selling children
Bring your conspiracy to the test of 2020 issues :D
Underhanded tactics Monsanto and others use to hide dangers are perfectly legal, but getting harder to keep secret
James O'Keefe Project Veritas WINS Defamation Suit
Climate Scientist Beto O’Rourke: Migrants “have no choice but to come here” because of U.S. climate change.
When personal responsibility become irrelevant? Now anyone can write a piece of text and an ENTIRE sub of 890K people need to close? Don't fall for this trap, they want us to self-censorship to protect this sub, else they will delete it. Fuck their blackmail!
Cancer is an inside job created by doctors
33 Myths of the System
Anti q posta are getting heavily downvoted on this sub. The special interests are definitely trying to supress dissent against q
The DECEPTION | Documentary (Mini) - A WAR is coming
The DECEPTION | Documentary (Mini)
New crowdfunding platform
Same day they quarantined t_d, they ramped up the ads
Aliens would be thirsty like that tho. 👽
Out in the wilds of Texas!
White Fragility: Why It's So Hard for White People to Talk About Racism — the school my niece attends uses a curriculum from an .org in Minneapolis that promoted this on Twitter.
My body, my choice. Robert Kennedy on vaccines
‘We’ the People
time travellers, are we future tense or past tense?
Daily reminder that q is bullshit for gullible ppl
Did we ever find out what was in the Bush funeral envelopes?
Troll Joe Biden site joebiden.info is revealed to be run by a Republican consultant Patrick Mauldin. Mauldin has since made several different fake websites for Democratic candidates intended to mislead voters.
Propaganda on reddit is getting really out of control
Andrew Yang's supporters referred to as "trolls" to devalue him as a candidate
Yes you do live in a simulation, no it’s not being controlled by aliens.
This scientist proved climate change isn’t causing extreme weather — so politicians attacked
Proven ways to quickly build muscle - for men and women
Conspiracy: democrats are in panic mode with the release of the google videos. Amd are sending theor trolls to do damage control
Strange Underwater Features Discovered Near Coast of Antarctica
Cnn and liberals are TERRIFIED of project veritas and the free press
It is now almost impossible to find good Q stuff. Any search will result in MSM debunking videos. This will only get worse with the upcoming dump of information from Q. I have collecting some links for you to follow so you can keep informed about what's going on.
Tweets in the last 4-5 days with the word 'Ready' in them from various military organizations including Acting Secretary of Defense
They can ALL call me crazy.... CRAZY HEALTYHY!!!
The Da Vinci Code got me thinking
Joe biden is the best candidate to beat Trump in 2020 election
This was just censored from the #1 spot on /r/all; "Cops illegally confiscate guys phone and accidentally record themselves debating the best way to frame him".
My "BIBLE" conspiracy theory:
Record high temperatures in France yesterday? Nope, just more climate change propaganda and lies.
Cold Cyber War In Progress
Wonder if this tech has been used before...
Me and my wife saw something weird
Is the "USA" just a fake border with wage slaves and prisoners ran by some people in DC and those who pay them off (multinational corporations)? And the ideas of "our country", nationalism and patriotism are just a product of massive loads of propaganda across every platform for centuries?
The REAL reason trump doesn’t support climate change.
Why are there so many chem trails in California
This student died by falling down the stairs after she criticised the extradition bill. This is the second person to die this way for criticising the extradition bill. Seems pretty fishy.
« Hmmm...Go On Donald, it's for Israel. »
XXXTentacion wasn’t killed by Drake, and his murder wasn’t just a “robbery gone wrong.”
Climate Change is Bullshit ---- "The Arctic Ocean is warming up, icebergs are becoming scarcer, according to a report to the Commerce Department, within a few years it is predicted that due to the ice melt the sea will rise and make most coastal cities uninhabitable."----- November 2, 1922
Movado Watches Sponsor AOC's Mello-Dramatic/Oscar-Worthy Performance at The Wall
Q is the most intriguing conspiracy of our time. Whether you believe it to be military comms, a political campaign, a social experiment, a LARP, aliens, Jesus or our time-travelling selves, the Q following has become quite impressive..
Today peaceful French climate activists and school strikers were sprayed with teargas. The same day, it was 45,9° in France in JUNE. It shattered the old record of 44,1° (which was set in August 2003).
Boeing Outsourced Its 737 MAX Software To $9-Per-Hour H1B Visa Engineers.
The reason the government doesnt want us to know aliens exist, is because we might unite and all hate something else equally worse than we hate stuff we have been hating.
"Bill De Blasio Apologizes After Shouting Communist Slogans At Rally"...no accident, finally showing who they really are
Collectivism Vs Individualism
The best proof of intelligent life in space is that it hasn't come here. Arthur C. Clarke
How the Koch brothers fund Libertarians and the Tea Party to push an anti-regulation agenda
A neuroscientist has a stroke and gets to experience life without the ego
This was just censored from the #1 spot on /r/all; "Cops illegally confiscate guys phone and accidentally record themselves debating the best way to frame him".
World War 3
Serious question. For those who believe the Moon Landing was fake, what is the motivation behind the lie? Like why make the up? Same with the anti vaccine movement, why would the government suppress the “truth”?
8 years of barack obama attacking the free press
Project Veritas Informs Congressional Leaders about Google's Manipulating of Elections: “The captured video of Ms. Gennai illustrates that Google is currently training its algorithms and is thus taking concrete steps likely in violation of federal election law.”
Project Veritas Informs Congressional Leaders about Google's Manipulating of Elections: “The captured video of Ms. Gennai illustrates that Google is currently training its algorithms and is thus taking concrete steps likely in violation of federal election law.”
Why is Atlantis such a wide spread myth?
Navy Got 'UFO' Patent Granted By Warning of Similar Chinese Tech Advances: Patent documents indicate that the U.S. and China are actively developing radical new craft that seem eerily similar to UFOs reported by Navy pilots
Albert Einstein Letter to The New York Times. December 4, 1948. Warned of the consequences of supporting Israel's Likud party "founded on terrorism". Very interesting letter signed by prominent American Jews at the time.
Feeling very red-pilly today. Here is the most valuable conspiracy video to date. 9/11 truth ends the War. Please watch and share. Only about an hour long. Christopher Bollyn Making Sense of the War on Terror. (Hint, Israel did 9/11)
A military contractor was awarded a $7 billion no-bid contract during the Bush administration. The owners of said contractor? Halliburton.
“@reddit /r/conspiracy complaining about censorship is fucking rich. they instaban anyone who talks bad about daddy trump.” — I found a skinhead on twitter that works for MSM &amp; spends 8 hours a day hunting Russian trolls online. He wrote this.
Polio is a viral illness that, in about 95% of cases, actually produces no symptoms at all (called asymptomatic polio).
So apparently there is this alternative to Google now.
A compilation of some of the calls to violence from leftist subs that reddit refuses to moderate. Repost this everywhere people, the site must know.
What if deja vu is a memory from your past life?
Why didn't Reddit simply quarantine the person who posted the offensive content instead of attacking the entire sub of more 700,000 subscribers?
Sanders admits he would raise taxes on the middle class to pay for programs
The Demonization of the Ego
Evidence suggesting cyborgs/androids are covertly used in U.S. politics( analysis video)
The Demonization of the Ego
The Demonization of the Ego
(2019) The Next Lost Civilization | A Documentary about the Human Story - The Fall of Atlantis - Breaking free from The Matrix | The Sequel to The Awakening of Gaia
What exactly is the Russian interference in the US election?
Do you see what i see or i'm i going insane?
iPhones face scanner doesn’t work if your eyes are closed
I hate balck peeple
Social media, illuminati confirmed, Jay Z, Kanye West and Rihanna
Noticed something strange when looking at my Google activity, I don't know how this could happen other than it maybe being recorded offline with an incorrect date.
Political debates are strictly for entertainment purposes: prove me wrong.
Top of Trending/News at 5:45 Am in Canada. What is the push?
2 Days 2 Private Message Threats of Violence by Israeli terrorists. "Warning. You're walking a dangerous line. Keep spreading lies about Israel and you will be silenced" Proof inside.
Alcohol The Devil’s Juice!
A little Alien or Goblin scared the American tourist in the forest. The American was traveling in the woods accidentally met a mysterious creature. video evidence. Watch the video on YouTube at this link
This documentary explains how Haliburton and KBR, who were awarded no-bid contracts by their ex-Chairman, Dick Cheney, defrauded the government out of an ungodly amount of money. Literally burning pristine equipment in order to increase their budget.
John Lennon assassinated by Alien Mafia?
Mandella effect DISCLOSURE!
This is a photo of a whale bone growing through the middle of a tree, at a home in the center of Ellensburg WA. Hundreds of miles away from any body of water.
Has anyone ever gotten a strange, apparently misdirected email with vague notes of government and a disclaimer to delete if not intended recipient, in a completely different language, from a cryptic email address at 4:00 in the morning? cant tell if its a joke or not
I have a conspiracy. It’s that this video isn’t mine!
Runaway Senators, Militias and Koch Money: What the Hell Just Happened in Oregon?
Mermaids caught in Area 51
Mainstream media
[Meta] A bunch of year old accounts "suddenly" woke up today
Question on Flat Earth - What is the explanation for how your elevation changes what you can see on the horizon?
i have a theory that...
NECS software entree CEO explains the Mandela Effect and how it is effecting his software,clients, and his company.
For males, the HPV vaccine is fear based medicine for profit. The lifetime risk for a male getting throat cancer is .4%
The curious blocking of elonmusk.today
They Have Seized The Memes of Production
[META]. Im going to post about Q whenever I like and after every single drop. Theres nothing at all you can do about it. Downvote and move on instead of coming into the discussion with insults and crying about it.
Is there any break down of the simulation theory that isn't totally fucking depressing?
The CIA's mind control network tech: brain microchip implants for controlling monarch slaves/5G network + devices allowing portable brainwave manipulation
Saw this posted on a light pole downtown Chicago near china town.
281 Page Email Document Dump Proves FBI Tried To Rig Election For Hillary
Pro-\/axxers never change (quote)
Twitter has removed the news option under specific search results.
A little Alien or Goblin scared the American tourist in the forest. The American was traveling in the woods accidentally met a mysterious creature. video evidence. Watch the video on YouTube at this link
Lawsuit Forces DOJ To Release Evidence That The FBI Knew Far More About Hillary’s Crimes Than The Bureau Made Public
George Orwell Underestimated The World We Live In
Nationally, there are about 3.5 million EXTRA names on voting rolls
Trump will win in 2020 and will enable a pretext for civil and international wars
Did anyone else hear Biden suggest people have bioidentification for use of a firearm?
Now you know why NBC cut Yang's mic during the debate
I’m being watched
Babies being given chemicals to sullen their eyesight in efforts to fuel the optical assistance industry?
Big! Obama DOJ Gave Immunity To Clinton Lawyer Who Deleted The 33,000 Emails; Supreme Court Endorsed Judicial Harassment of President Trump on Census; Judicial Watch Sues for Docs on Book Deal by Ant-Trump FBI official Andrew McCabe! Massive Update!
Redditor compiles list of violent threats found in other subs (some from mods), highlighting the hypocrisy of quarantining TD.
Bernie Sanders admits he will raise taxes on the middle class to pay for programs — the only thing worse than a Corporatocracy is this. Corporations are bad. The Government will save us! Ok. Taxation is theft.
Law and Order
Not a dem, but Tim Ryan, who was the most reasonable, is expectedly being shit on by the media
Not a dem, but Tim Ryan, who was the most reasonable, is expected being shit on by the media
Please tell me im not crazy
The House Tried To Turn Over Control Of U.S. Border Processing Centers To The United Nations
demolition of wtc south tower
Tired of the political BS and compromised sub that is r/conspiracy?
Science is the most edited sub. Go take a look at science or tech or futurology. You can’t go thre subs without seeing heavily deleted posts.
Why doesn’t the Supreme Court want Americans to know how many illegal aliens there are in the U.S. right now?
The new 9/11 will be blamed on Homeland Extremists that believed in conspiracy theories and "organized on Facebook" the media will convince the sheople martial law is the only way
8/11/19 Golden gate bridge false flag from Simpsons episode plot//title numerology has anyone heard of it?
Nasrallah: a War against Iran would Destroy Israel, the Saud and US Hegemony
State Senator Persists As Republican Man Yells Over Her for 3 Minutes | NowThis
This lake is all blury why is that? If you zoom out it turns pure black.
Conspiracy Activism
Wife thinks I'm crazy
Reddit admins think Blue Lives Matter? Chapotraphouse: “eat the rich, shoot the cops #ACAB or you could fry the cops since they’re pigs &amp; eat them @ a barbecue”...”smoke em”...”snort the ashes”
A huge black spot in Antarctica idk what this is do you?
Is Brie Larson A Shapeshifter - Captain Marvel movie is about "Shapeshifters" infiltrating the planet - could Brie Larson actually be a Shapeshifter? Are there Shapeshifters, Demons, Draco, Dracula etc on this planet - Dracula is a Shapeshifter... food for thought
The fraud that is Microsoft A great operating system watered down
Gabbard: US needs to 'stop pretending' Saudi Arabia is an ally
I was scrolling through Google maps and this was here what do you think it is?
Did you see that France recorded its hottest temperature ever this week? Did you also see the measuring station was right beside a paved road?
CIA mind control tech used and interfaces/micro chips forcibly implanted in brains/Technology side of MK-ULTRA
Google (aka Alphabet Inc.) is the new Standard Oil Company.
See link. Reddit quarantines T_D for “threatening violence against cops” when everyone knows it’s the most pro-cop sub on Reddit. Meanwhile the white liberals over at ChapoTrapHouse can hate speech all they want. All cops are bastards!
He made this video 7 months ago, can we say he was wrong now?
Title
"High integrity" IT guy of Goldman Sachs is a suspect in missing woman's murder
The Greatest Conspiracy EVER Fomented:
Any Dem Who Wants to Be President Should Reject War with Iran, Not Hide Behind Process Criticisms
"High integrity" IT guy of Goldman Sachs is a suspect in missing woman's murder
Ayoola Ajayi is being framed for the murder of Mackenzie Lueck. Former Army IT Specialist, worked for Dell &amp; Goldman Sachs...he knew a little too much and was going to go public.
Ron Paul Talks Julian Assange, Trump, And Iran - Jimmy Dore Show
FDNY Lieutenant David Restuccio to Brian Williams "Heard Reports (WTC 7) Would be taken down" 911
Intelligent free thinkers used to be called heretics and now they are called conspiracy theorists
The downtown skyscrapers conspiracy.
Ayoola Ajayi was framed for this murder because he was going to be the next Edward Snowden. Former IT Specialist for the US Army - worked for Dell &amp; Goldman Sachs....he knew too much about something!!
Climate Alarmists Caught Manipulating the Temperature Record Yet Again
Patient 17 documentary on Netflix
Good new show on CBS called Whistleblower.
Which one of you did this?
More videos of Politicians acting very strange on camera: Tony Abbott former Australian prime minister losing touch with reality/ Nancy Pelosi/
I think it's something of a conspiracy that the census bureau doesn't collect information about sexual orientation.
[Question] Are some subreddits like r/roastme used for movie and business research?
The immigrants in the Bosnia and Herzegovina?
A conspiracy theory about the Lorax.
Reddit has been bought by Big Media. They use bots to upvote their content and proceed to control the views of users through headlines.
So the Iodine protocol did anyone follow?
The moon landing?
Since the 80s, Scientology has been spending millions on INCOMM - a A.I. system capable of running a planet and executing leaders
technovisual hallucinations
DuckDuckGo founder/owner, Gabriel Weinberg, is a "distant relative" to one of the founders of 'CheckPoint', "an Israeli multinational provider of software and combined hardware" relevant to cybersecurity.
Senator Bernie Sanders: "Nothing will change until we take on the fossil fuel industry, the pharmaceutical industry and the military industrial complex."
German far-right group 'used police data to compile death list'
Reddit is currently accepting and promoting ads for the cult of Scientology, despite the organizations sordid history of enslavement, threats, and political corruption.
Can someone tell me when Scientific American became an authority on morals, religion and philosophy?
Suppressed pictures / Videos?
Reddit has quietly blocked links to BiuChute which is an alternative to the Stasi controlled Alphabet/Google/YouTube — Reddit admins are afraid for its users to exit the White Liberal ecosystem. Adults that want billion dollar corporations tell them how to live are rejoicing!
🌧 Rain only in one spot in my backyard and there’s a creepy apperation in the window at the end for a bonus o.0
Please head to /r/Conspiracy_Commons or the Conspiracy page on Voat and escape the political spam which is flooding this subreddit.
MK ULTRA manual: formula for perfect mind control slave
Interesting video about Demonic Master Race and the End times called the red horse prophecy- Satanic School Shooters
Edge of Wonder conspiracy live stream shut down, comes back up running two streams!
Two years ago, a user here pointed out Tulsi Gabbard’s CFR membership, noted her similarities to Obama, and predicted her rise as a contending dem presidential candidate. She will only grow in popularity from this point forward. Is it possible she is a CFR “anti establishment” plant?
What are your MOST credible references in regards to the veracity of the existence of a ruling class?
Why are the British Government Increasing the VAT on Solar from 5% to 20% when we are supposed to be tackling climate change?
Tried this question on r/Conservative on a thread discussing Media Matters' non-profit status. Got downvoted. I think it was Mittens...
Beijing’s Secret Plans to Move the People’s Liberation Army into Hong Kong and Push the United States Out of the South Pacific
... whole Italian town worked together to brainwash/sell children
Why Reddit Restricts Pro-Trump Forum 😲😲 - Daily Infinite
Garfield and the Unconscious Critique of Capitalism Through Memes
EU &amp; Mercosur - Free-trade agreement
Does anyone have mirror links to any of Emery Smith's recent stuff?
Intel Repository- A website with sensitive intel and leaks
Fun sticker being passed out by the National Guard.
Is Andy’s dad from Toy Story in jail??
A little Alien or Goblin scared the American tourist in the forest. The American was traveling in the woods accidentally met a mysterious creature. video evidence. Watch the video on YouTube at this link
TIL Barack Obama publicly called then-Attorney-General of CA Kamala Harris "by far, the best-looking Attorney-General in the country" And insisted then that this was "true". Shortly thereafter, Ms Harris got a big promotion and became Dem Senator from CA.
VIDEO PROOF Andrew Yang's microphone was turned off: his lips are moving and Biden even turns to him but we at home heard nothing. Yang was given the least time to talk out of all 20 candidates.
MKULTRA Question
Mysterious NYPD Deaths Connected To "LIFE INSURANCE"?
In the last 30 days T_D made 83,000 mod actions &amp; Reddit Administrators made 135. Why are other subreddits not held to the same standards?
Senator Barry Goldwater exposes the Federal Reserve
Measles spike raises fears that virus has evolved and vaccine is not providing immunity
A little Alien or Goblin scared the American tourist in the forest. The American was traveling in the woods accidentally met a mysterious creature. video evidence. Watch the video on YouTube at this link
Starlink satellites don't exist.
(RANT) Why does each and every news regarding rapes or rape attempts end up on the front page of r/worldnews and the top comments also being so casually racist?
Climate Alarmists Caught Manipulating Temperature Data Yet Again
Would a giant tarp to block the suns rays inside/outside of earth work to cool down the thermal dynamics effect?
A little Alien or Goblin scared the American tourist in the forest. The American was traveling in the woods accidentally met a mysterious creature. video evidence. Watch the video on YouTube at this link
[META] Hey mods! Can you please reign in the low effort Trumpist shitposts before this sub goes down the drain? Do we really need a repeat of 2016/17?
It should be obvious by now
Not on the Mainstream News: Child trafficking is being BTFO, finally. The NWO is losing. The first 18 months of the Trump presidency saw a 743 percent increase in arrests of traffickers over the first two years of Barack Obama’s first term.
Indiana Cops Illegally Detain Entire Bar, Seall Off Exits, And Do Background Checks On Everyone
*Deep Breath*...There are TWO Janet Jacksons. One of them acts AWFULLY similar to Michael. That's all I'm saying.
"Docs Show Navy Got 'UFO' Patent Granted By Warning Of Similar Chinese Tech Advances"
Iraq's drought unveils 3,400-year-old palace of mysterious empire
"As we witness the shocking depths of criminality &amp; evil being carried out by Google &amp; its censorship agenda, it’s crucial to remember that every Google employee is complicit in carrying out these crimes against humanity. Employees are actively participating in Google’s massive criminal enterprise"
How to initiate a communal shift? In 100 years I doubt Google will still be the #1 website. The internet synonym with innovation you can't stop it.
"The US actively supports a regime that aided, abetted, and supported the people that did this, if not had a hand in it themselves." - /u/VileShade. Good to see that people see 911 for what it was.
Censorship can reach a all-time high
A message to r/conspiracy and the real Rusty Shacklefords
The Silence of the Lambs
Meaning of UFO ORB visitation on Temple Mount Jerusalem January 28, 2011
Tired of the political noise on this sub? Come down the rabbit hole and join me on my new sub r/nukehoax
Redditor makes list of documented calls to violence from other subs
Socialist bartender that makes $175k/year while the US President gives away his salary. Capitalism bad. Socialism good. It doesn’t trickle down!
Not a reeeee-fugee, but the tech-sector censorship is absolutely a real conspiracy.
Screw censorship and media bias!!
NBC Caught Using Deepfake Tech Against Presidential Candidate Tulsi Gabbard
The murder of the 20th century
Florida Voter Fraud *Again* - Broward County - Palm Beach County - Sending wrong voter info to dead people and pets - from DC based group, "The Voter Participation Center/Center for Voter Information"
Social media is getting ready for the next election by silencing anyone and anything may deter their narrative and damage the chances of those they support.
Sherriff's Deputy who ordered stand down to allow Parkland Shooting to continue is facing criminal charges.
A Million Californians Don’t Have Clean Drinking Water - California continues the slide to 3rd-world conditions while voting to give free healthcare to illegal aliens.
Reddit's Head of Policy, everyone
A Democrat senator was also pushing for the censorship of T_D prior to it's quarantine. Government censorship confirmed.
Israel: State-Funded Teaching that “Non-Jews must be Jewish Slaves”
far left subreddits encourage violence
Every Step You Take, They’ll Be Watching You: The Thought Police Use Reddit Masstagger to Follow You! Now With Extra Downvoting and Harassment Features for those Truth Haters Who Just Can't Enough of /r/conspiracy and their Subscribers!
'DeafenYourPhone' – How to make sure your phone is not listening on you
Andrew Yang says his mic was turned off during portions of the debate
To the ocasturds trolling the Patriots. Td it wants. Is a privately-run forum. . According to reality the Donald doesn't control 90% of people's Communications. It's the difference between AT T cutting off your service because they don't like your politics versus one person hang up on y
Wake up: GreatAwakening was shut down for the very reason T_D was. It was threatening....
The Most Ridiculous Conspiracy Theories EVER
Why is Globalism considered bad?
Facebook, cryptocurrency and google. They are grooming the world for ultimate slavery. Now you know why they work with China
HD UAP Footage shot from a drone over Utah. UAP is visible but fast af. Can someone slow it down?
I think America is making abortion illegal because they want new men for their war with Iran.
Goblin scared the tourists in the forest. video evidence of the existence of mysterious creatures
Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong.. TED talk. Addiction seems to be more about the cage/environment you are in.
Triangle UFO Caught on Tape Sitting on U.S. Aircraft Carrier - Best Video So Far
REMINDER : THE DIVISION IN POLITICOL IDEOLOGIES IS DESIGNED TO KEEP YOU DISTRACTED. LEFT VS RIGHT IS AN ILLUSION
Everything you think you know about addiction is wrong.. TED talk. Addiction seems to be more about the cage/environment you are in.
What is your opinion on what JFK knew that got him killed before his speech?
Is it actually true there's not enough money in existence to pay off the debt to the Fed?
According to information in an FBI warrant, Ilhan Omar Is Directly Linked To An Islamic Terrorist Who Owns A Jihadi Training Ground Discovered in Alabama.
So Gizmodo broke the news Facebook suppressed conservative news. Jack Dorsey said conservatives at Twitter are scared to speak up. Google employee candidly talks about influencing US elections to prevent "Trump Situation." Media still acting like it's a conspiracy theory
Segregation is Coming Back 2019!
Everyone’s Got a “Surveillance Score” and It Can Cost You BIG Money
Andrew Yang Not Shown In MSNBC Graphic
Andrew Yang says microphone was 'not on' at times during Democratic debate
lost me
Dominican Republic Tourist Resort Deaths Have Been Happening Since 2018.
Apollo 11 landing videos found by NASA intern are going up for auction soon
HD UAP Footage from a drone over Utah. Can someone slow it down? UAP is visible but fast af.
I think it's safe to assume that Illegals do in fact vote in our electoral process...
Who is Desperate for War with Iran?
Not much has changed. Segregation is making a come back.
Was James Gandolfini murdered by the Mafia?
Help a noob out
EMF Exposure Causing Autism?
Mercedes-AMG Deepfake Father's Day Video
Kamala Harris’ history of protecting pedophile priests
Fact Check: U.S. Taxpayers Pay $18.5B a Year for Healthcare for Illegals
Justin Raimondo of Antiwar.com has passed away at age 67. Another real journalist gone...I'll miss him.
Kamala Harris Says She Was in Second Integrated Class in Berkeley — But Yearbook Pictures Shows Otherwise
Hard evidence.... as hard as hard as stone
Insight on Skull and Bones Society
Guess it’s true 🤷‍♂️
Notice how nearly everybody who gets busted in a Project Veritas video claims to be taken out of context, but they never follow up and explain what the context was suppose to be.
‘Angry’ Rex Tillerson Says Jared Kushner Hijacked U.S. Foreign Policy
27.
Russians and Iranians are funneling money to Conservatives through bitcoin again. Might as well invest before they are caught in 2020.
Italian police arrest 18 for allegedly brainwashing and selling children (xpost /r/worldnews)
The tale of 2 women of color. Both shag white men. @AOC wants the US to provide free healthcare to non-citizens. Candace wants to help young black males who are US citizens who have been exploited by white liberals in liberal epicenters.
Pentagon has developed a laser that can identify subjects from afar based on their heartbeat
“I think that Satoshi would barf…” Why Libra is a threat to the freedom of speech and freedom of thought
The problems with the political ideologies
MyCryptoParadise - Free Crypto Trading Signals - Join Free Today
Google Trends: Andrew Yang challenged Bernie Sanders for the most interest on Google; Biden takes 2nd place; Tulsi Gabbard takes a solid 3rd; Elizabeth Warren is trailing in a distant 4th.
Oh boy! Hollywood is at it again! Latest movie to dilute a conspiracy theory (Mandela Effect) called "Yesterday".
Pres hopeful: De Blasio and his wife have 'lost' $1.8 Billion of donations. WTF???
Angola Merkel has allergic reaction to German anthem
WANT TO BECOME A SUCCESSFUL CRYPTOCURRENCE SALESMAN
China is a major investor in Reddit
A rebuke of libertarianism
Kamala Harris will be the nominee. The Powers that be have already decided it. Colbert tried to destroy every candidate (easy even for him) but Kamala Harris. Democrat voters won't have a choice. Just like last time.
Geoengineering is now being called "Climate Governance": At one stroke, they are attempting to take the concept of geoengineering out of the public eye, and to remove it as a source and cause of climate change, and to dress it up as the technology to *combat* climate change.
War with Iran is becoming more and more INEVITABLE
Reminder: don't give Reddit gold
DNC silencing 2020 presidential hopefuls by keeping there mic off.
Vaccines -- In terms of safety studies, a major issue is that most vaccine studies use another vaccine or the background substance of the vaccine, as the control placebo.
Reddit is currently accepting and promoting ads for the cult of Scientology, despite the organizations sordid history of enslavement, threats, and political corruption.
We are witnessing the birth of a false narrative, the Story of the Alabama who was Shot while Pregnant and now faces charges.
Twitter adds labels for tweets that break its rules – including Trump’s
How Elections Can Be Rigged
The moon landings were fake
Fake Schizophrenia Diagnosis
Aliens confirmed?? (Patrick's bellybutton)
Sen. Cruz Grills Google on Allegations of Politically Biased Censorship (Sorry If Repost)
Libertarianism is a corrupt ideology funded by billionaires that promotes evil
Tulsi Gabbard is winning the Twittersphere, while the Democrats™ troll-out their new Deep State darling: Bernie Sanders.
No Surprise: NXIVM Had Ties to the Former President of Mexico, Carlos Salinas -- Story is Blowing Up in Mexico!
Backfire! Reddit subpage r/The_Donald Gains 10,000 members in 24 hours
2020 US election theory... Spanish and open boarders.. reminded me of Amero... in time for Fifa 2026?
China is a major investor in Reddit. Reddit doubles down on banning conservative content/views in the run-up to the 2020 election. Coincidence? Motives Unclear?
What "eroding our democracy" really means to them and their corporatist sponsors
Andrew Yang accuses NBC of turning off his mic during debate (Censorship everywhere)
The Biggest Conspiracy Story In Media Is Silence
Leak: New Google Resist Doc Shows “Internal Beginner’s Guide To Protesting,” “Resist@Google”
Twitter says they may start censoring Trump
We need somewhere to fall back to if this sub is deleted
Control the Words, Control the Culture: Invader &gt; Illegal alien &gt; Illegal immigrant &gt; Undocumented immigrant &gt; Immigrant &gt; Migrant
Hillary Rodham Clinton School of Law - Swansea University
Have video games, cartoons, tv shows, and media in general been hinting to us the truth of our history?
Joe Biden’s Twitter is Inundated With Fake Bot Followers and Paid Likes
When is the US-Iran war gonna start?
YouTube blacklisted abortion-themed search phrases during 2018 Irish vote
Andrew Yang's mic was purposely muted by NBC for nearly the entire debate. He was only allowed to talk for less than 3 minutes in the entire 2 hour event
audio book that nails the relationship between political 'enemies', mainstream media narrative, and why you and I can only speculate at what's really going on.
"These Smaller Companies Won't Have The Access To The Same Amount Of Resources Like We Do To Avoid Another 2016" "We Need Al
2020 US election theory... Spanish and open boarders.. reminded me of Amero... in time for Fifa 2026?
Check out this subreddit dedicated to the movie The Big Lebowski
Who really started or propagated the idea of the Mandela Effect?
Swear word conspiracy.
Police found 'multiple items of evidence' at home searched in Mackenzie Lueck's disappearance - World News
What fate awaits Julian Assange
Italy - Children brainwashed and electroshocked, taken away from families and sold to friends.
I'm doing a test about how all of my accounts are linked.
This sub is gonna get quarantined I’m calling it
Do you believe in the possibility that "Madeleine McCann" could have been a victim of a child trafficking ring?
Was Just Researching the One Eye Sign on Google
At 7:45, Andrew Yang claims his mic was muted during the democratic debate, leaving him unable to interject, something other candidates did repeatedly.
The Europe plan
Nothing will change unless we have the guts to take on Wall Street, the insurance industry, the pharmaceutical industry, the military industrial complex and the fossil fuel industry.
Google researchers trained AI with your Mannequin Challenge videos. They used 2,000 YouTube clips to improve AI's depth perception.
Fearful at Fearman's - The Vigil experience
My reincarnation memory
Yang calls Russia the greatest geopolitical threat because they "hacked our democracy" lmao.
You tell me?
Secret societies want to change the world
Pimple Vanishes From Gabbard’s Face Mid-Debate
What if The_Donald was taken down in order to suppress negative discussion/feedback/criticism of the Democratic debates? The timing is interesting.
You tell me? Could it be?
What The Hell?
USA Today: The young are regarded as the most tolerant generation. That's why results of this LGBTQ survey are 'alarming' — couldn’t possibly be b/c they let biological males compete in girl sports &amp; break their state records — Then when questioning this they are labeled transphobic.
Real Conspiracy
Adam and Eve &amp; the Flaming Sword
Explicit sex ed booklet handed to elementary school students by government health care workers
President Eric Swalwell overseeing a nationwide gun confiscation program is how America ends
The trips to war zones that Pete Buttigieg rarely talks about
Pimple Vanishes From Gabbard’s Face Mid-Debate
You tell me? WILD
In 2017 alone, the Department of Justice secured convictions against more than 500 defendants in human trafficking cases and the Federal Bureau of Investigation dismantled more than 42 criminal enterprises engaged in child sex trafficking.
NBC calls grassroot support of Gabbard as digital manipulation of the election
Climate change is real, but it is controlled by the technocrats. There is no more such thing as natural weather.
R/conspiracy
Google Plans to Hack the 2020 Election - Project
Amongst all the chaos; remember to love one another. The biggest conspiracy is the agenda to Divide the human race. We are all one. No matter what censorship and chaos comes, never allow Fear in your being. Humanity will prevail, the internet will win. If you're reading this, you are the revolution.
Water/Sanitation or vaccines that reduced deadly diseases?
Don't like this new FDA approval. Cervical, Ovarian, Breast Cancer written all over it. IMO
[META] re: this post- 99.9% of Reddit allows you to suck off Dems/White Liberals. If you offer a dissenting opinion to the white liberal world view you are downvoted till you can only comment every 10 min while your inbox is flooded with hate. These tactics are not exclusive to Reddit.
Anonymous hacker exposed after dropping USB drive while throwing Molotov cocktail - Anonymous Belgium hacker sentenced to 18 months in prison for past cyber-crimes.
George Galloway Sacked by War Mongers &amp; Smeared as Anti-Semite
Discussion: Big tech is aware censorship adds fuel to the fire
Follow these 4 Tips before You Check into a Hotel in Ouray, CO | Ambassador Hotel Pesaro
Anonymous hacker exposed after dropping USB drive while throwing Molotov cocktail - Anonymous Belgium hacker sentenced to 18 months in prison for past cyber-crimes.
Anonymous hacker exposed after dropping USB drive while throwing Molotov cocktail
Have you considered the conspiracy?
The first picture was a show of hands of how many candidates would give up their own private healthcare policies for government run Medicare for all (2 hands), the last picture how many would give Medicare to all to illegal aliens. Very illuminating.
Internet/data access issues?
Joe Biden is a Child Molester.
Largest oil refinery on East Coast to close permanently after fire
Great video on the library of Alexandria. What if that library would have never been destroyed? Interesting
I thought I would never fall for "Flat Earth" Theories or breaking the concept of the heliocentric model, but after this interview (and others like it), I'm starting to go full retard.
The history of Media Matters: the left-wing organization responsible for shutting down the_donald
The history of Media Matters: the left-wing organization responsible for shutting down the_donald
Conspiracy theory: Michael Bennet doesn’t have top teeth
Huge uptick in partisan bickering lately
Laimian City # Bao giờ mở bán, giá ra sao &amp;amp; ai nên mua?
Change my mind
Since another subreddit is arbitrarily botting discussion RE: tonight...
Climate changers btfo
Change my mind
UFOs &amp; extraterrestrials have appeared in artwork for thousands of years. Cultures that had no contact with one another all depicted the same beings and bizarre crafts in cave paintings, sculptures, carvings and classic masterpieces. Were our ancestors documenting phenomena they actually witnessed?
What happened to the world since Wikileaks released confidential cables and emails? All this does restricts any progress our global community has made in the years since.
Another Hacked Florida City Pays a Ransom, This Time for $460,000
There is no such thing as Terrorists or Terrorism.
Visit r/suicideconspiracy
For all you Political Conspiratorial Cinics - Once Upon a Time in the West - Auditions for the new show "Who Wants to be President" - Season 2, Episode 1 . X-Post (but modified, with additions!)
Watching the Dem Debates 2 - are their teeth being digitally whitened?
This is Von Braun In the 70’s talking about mars, i think his theories are worth looking into what do you think?
Qanon folks be like...
NASA plans mission to explore an asteorid full of precious metals. If we brought it back to Earth, the whole economy would collapse. Did the TPTB just find a way to make our whole economy collapse?
(new) Google RESIST Doc Shows “Internal Beginner’s Guide To Protesting,”.
To the MAGAts who have made a new home in this sub: stop crying about free speech. I was banned from your sub because I questioned Trump. That's not free speech.
I think I know how they're gonna implement a cashless society worldwide.
I do remote viewing AMA
Is this the reason Merkel's mysterious shaking?
NEW MUSIC VIDEO: "Creepy Joe"
LA Chargers' Justin Jackson: RussiaGate is a Media Distraction
Khajiit has information on where all the bodies are buried, if you have coin.
Why is Media Matters allowed to operate as an 501(c)(3) organization when its only objective is political propaganda and censorship of oppisition? Non-profits are allowed to obfuscate their donor list. Aren't Americans entitled to know who is buying the censorship that they must suffer?
"The Listeners" for Alexa foreshadows future and it's ominous... Does anyone have information on this?
Christopher Hitchens - How The Establishment and/or Deep State CORRUPTS Journalism
Picture has gone viral of father &amp; daughter who drowned trying to enter the US illegally. White liberals are encouraging Mexicans/Central &amp; South Americans to make these dangerous trips w/ children for electoral votes
blood magick? WTF?
Have you ever wondered why you can’t remove an upvote or downvote immediately after clicking it? It’s because it hasn’t been recorded yet to the servers that watch everything that you do. So they know what you would do and how you would react if they tried to take over the world.
Follow up to John McAfee leaks
Non-violent, non-political (image) post depicting what appears to be a tremendous conspiracy. Thoughts?
Another NYPD cop commits suicide! That's the fourth officer suicide this month and 6 for the year. What's going on?
Flat Earth, Gravity, Rotation.
Quantum Physics, the Mandela Effect and perceived changes to your NECS entrée data
Why are trans people so prevalent in recent times?
So....I really have no idea where else to post this.....
YouTube cracking down on downloads!!
Is there element 115 in the artwork Joe Rogan got from Corbell/Lazar?
I am aware this is old news, however I'd like to revisit the Somali translate conspiracy. these are some of my results,, comment what u think
17 Mile Long Ledge Found Near Puerto Rico - Is This Natural?
There's a lot of hype regarding vaccines, with little room for criticism. Here's my contribution regarding the disputed HPV vaccine, Gardasil
Migrant drownings were staged. The media loves to make parallels to the 2015 "drowning" of a Syrian child. Here's a helpful picture, and see if you can spot the similarities.
Still cannot upload Project Veritas
please call that number
Italian police have arrested 18 people including a mayor, doctors and social workers for allegedly brainwashing vulnerable children into thinking their parents had abused them so they could then be sold to foster parents.
This is one of the most biased, poorly written "Encyclopedia" articles I've ever read. Take a look through it.
World Conspiracy /Satan rules the world/
Clement quotes the Old Testament when quoting Jesus. Like Paul, Clement had no idea about an Earthly Jesus.
CEO of NECS speaks about Mandela Effect causing problems for his company and clients
People: there’s no way that a conspiracy that covers up the dangers of vaccinations exists. Also people: this misinformation campaign is a conspiracy by the Chinese and Russians!
Update! Ageroleplay sub is still up but the_d is in quarantined!
Props to all of you seeing past the charade of the “wolf in sheep’s clothing” routine. Her popularity will incrementally increase as the election cycle progresses.
Anxiety and Panic Attacks are Lactic Acidosis
Vitamin B6 Toxicity can cause nerve damage
Tim Ryan tries to Destroy Tulsi Gabbard during Democrat Primary debate. (June 26, 2019) Here’s what happened
Politics, The News and Foreign Policy all make up the most intricate reality show in history
Remember when everyone was upset about the censorships China was gonna have? Now everyone loves censorship
Has the US gov't ever successfully broken up a monopoly?
Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian "Not a surprise - saw this in the @reddit activity around @TulsiGabbard back when she announced (from left, center, and right)" in response to article "Tulsi Gabbard was a surprise breakout in first Democratic debate"
Top Gun style movie a sign of war??
I think I made the grand conspiracy!
The US military indicated its direct support of the Q Anon initiative in coded call signs from flights on March 14th. Patriots are in control. Enjoy the show!
And just like that! It appears that r/politics has recieved their marching orders and have started pushing their puppet! Just as we seen before, overbnight, r/polic has blasted Warren to the front page(s), ignoring all other democratic candidates! I am *shocked* /s
What Do the (Silicon Valley) Oligarchs Have in Mind for Us?
Anwhere we I can read extensively about the S4 area in Area 51 ( Project Looking Glass, Aquarious and J Rod 52?
And just like that! It appears that r/politics has recieved their marching orders and have started pushing their candidate! Just as we seen before, over iight, r/polic have blasted Warren to the front page(s), ignoring all other democratic candidates! I’m *shocked*
Inside the Numerous, Shrouded Links Between NXIVM and Scientology
Voter fraud is a problem that no one talks about
Maybe not a *real* conspiracy but sun cancer?
Anime is a mind control weapon.
Is the SW Border Migrant Crisis a Planned Event to Gain Democratic Votes?
Hidden in the 4.5B request for border assistance.
The Donald fam is welcome on Gab!
Hasidic mom terrified by Brooklyn measles police who cited her for not vaccinating her baby despite doctor’s order
Italian police have arrested 18 people including a mayor, doctors and social workers for allegedly brainwashing vulnerable children into thinking their parents had abused them so they could then be sold to foster parents.
How to Escape the Matrix and not Reincarnate!
President of NECS acknowledges the Mandela Effect
Help Us Preserve This Space: Report ALL calls to violence and other violations of the Reddit User Agreement
Why are the mods letting place get hijacked by the zionist controlled alt-lite
Court affidavit for Donald Trump accused of rape of a minor and other pedophilia charges. It's a big club.
President of NECS acknowledges the Mandela Effect
Last year's flu vaccine "was virtually worthless" and provided “no significant protection” at just 9% effective on the second wave.
Trump Epstein court affidavit on rape 9f a minor and other pedophilia charges. It's a big club of pedophile perverts.
Last year's flu vaccine "was virtually worthless" and provided “no significant protection” at just 9% effective on the second wave. There was “no significant protection”
Lady Gaga: "My Biggest Regret is Selling My Soul to the Illuminati Elitist Cabal"
RoboBee Insect Drone Does Not Need a Power Source to Take Flight for Surveillance
CHECK OUT NEW TRUMP SUBREDDIT, EVERYONE BUT LIBTARDS ALLOWED
In Volgograd there was a huge snake with horns. A great horned serpent looks like a dragon scared of the owner of Volgograd. The snake was very big with horns and yellow eyes. it's probably an unknown species. maybe the alien brought the snakes.
Rebranded Slavery and 2020 Debate Frustrations.
Pedophile from my school
Democratic Congresswoman Ilhan Omar failed to answer one simple question: did she marry her brother Ahmed Nur Said Elmi?
PETITION: YouTube must Re-monetize Steven Crowder!!
Evidence Proving Mass Effect’s Illuminati
Only One Political Conspiracy Matters, Stop Posting the Rest
The 2020 US. election is coming up. Where is the wall ?
Weaponized Marijuana
"Parents Blame Elementary School’s Cell Tower After 4th Student Diagnosed With Cancer" More than 200 students didn't go to school in protest because they wanted the cell tower to be removed. The telecom companies are planning on increasing the number of towers to 800,000+ in the U.S. alone.
Viewing Suggestion: Good Omens on Prime Video
Someone come up with an explanation for why this contraption on the white house lawn is heavily blurred in every other street view image, except this specific spot.
First poll has Tulsi Gabbard as the shock winner of the first Democratic debate and Beto O'Rourke as the clear loser
How the Suns Magnetic Fields and Galaxy Affects Earth Weather
What is globalism? Who is behind it? Who will rule it?
WEAPONIZED WEED
A few weeks ago my friend told me about a 30 page document that was released on Flight 737. Can someone link it to me because I’m having trouble finding it online
Reggae Song's lyrics deeper meaning refers to the Government invading privacy
YouTuber CAMELOT331 (former GameStop employee for 11 years) has received evidence that GameStop is manipulating sales numbers and committing investment fraud.
Interesting news. A great horned serpent looks like a dragon scared of the owner of Volgograd. The snake was very big with horns and yellow eyes. it's probably an unknown species. maybe it's a snake mutant, or new species of snakes
maybe people that create things aren’t concerned with your delicate sensibilities you know? Maybe the species that communicate with each other through a filter of your comfort are less evolved that the ones that just communicate? Maybe your problems are your own to deal with and maybe the public giv
They are handing out drafts !!!!
Gird your loins - the morons are coming.
This is a nice message but time to grow up. For admins &amp; the white liberal mob on Reddit their political party does define their identity. They are here to censor/brigade/&amp; restrict the speech of anyone who doesn’t conform. Conform or be silenced by them.
I fell for their bullshit with Obama, and said to myself never again. Then Trump came along and pulled the same trick.
Have you all seen the conspiracy of government?
Merkel has tremors again. Signs of kuru?
Does anyone really believe the whole Trump is secretly fighting the swamp bs?
Have you all seen the conspiracy of
A Google search for: Commander in Chief of the US Military (results in a photo of G W Bush)
To understand who rules over you, simply realize who you are not allowed to criticize. To understand how the public is divided and conquered its important to understand the controlling elites use of the Hegelian Dialectic. Terrorism is simply another tool, used for control.
Twitter To Censor Trump Tweets Ahead Of 2020 Election
David Wilcock's latest sprawling blog post takes us through the recent implosion of Youtube to the Deep State to the coming UFO/QAnon/Secret Space Program/Antarctica disclosure.
Thank you later.
Google Just Scrubbed Natural Health Websites From Its Search Results; Whistleblower Explains How and Why
Argentinian President Claimed Former Obama Official Asked The Country To Provide Iran With Nuclear Fuel
Literal in your face hint that the Universe is holographic
President of Brazil who supposedly vowed to go after drug smugglers relentlessly,has over 80 pounds of cocaine found on his presidential plane. I imagine he’s just trying to make a little extra cash.
Project Veritas Banned By Vimeo After Uploading Undercover Google Exposé
Fourth NYPD Officer Dies by Suicide in the Last Three Weeks
Don't be fooled. Tulsi Gabbard is still listed on the CFR's member roster. Look for your self.
Officer traveling with Brazilian president Bolsonaro caught with 39 kilos of cocaine,(86 pounds).
Picture from the 4/1/2016 CFR meeting HOSTED BY Tulsi Gabbard where I'm sure they discussed how to deceive the people into giving them power to fulfill their one world government agenda.
Where we going once this sub goes down mates?
That moment Anderson Cooper realizes the Trump accuser might be an insane person
CFR spokesman states he loves domestic propaganda. Propaganda means lying to get an outcome you want.
Ignorant Question Regarding Recently Quarantined Subreddit
Downloaded DuckDuckGO!
Did you know that the Pentagon announced the cancellation of its LifeLog project on the exact same day Facebook was founded, February 4th, 2004? Run by Darpa, the Defense Department’s research arm, LifeLog aimed to gather in a single place just about everything an individual says, sees or does.
The illusion of Democracy
Vimeo bands PV video in defense of Google. Vimeo is owned by IAC (InterActive Corp). Chelsea Clinton is on their board of directors.
"I wish there was a solution that was as simple as banning the community" -- /u/spez 3ish weeks ago
Don't forget that the CFR was set up to push for a one world government. James Corbett interviews an author that has written about the CFR's origins, aims, and influences.
Unexplained Reddit karma points.
New Subreddit - unveilTruth. Check it out!
No Bias here guys. Just 100% organic search results. We promise!
*explosive planting noises*
Self-Made Iran Crisis Goes from Bad to Worse | Inside the Arms Control Association, June 2019.
In 2011, the US government faked a dead photo of Osama bin Laden. Still, over 8 years later, we have no significant evidence as to what happened to the supposed 9/11 terrorist, WE WANT ANSWERS!
Here's Abramovic with ‘John of God’ cult leader, who was outed by Sabrina Bittencourt who claimed the celebrity medium ran a baby trafficking operation, in which children were “farmed” in Brazil before being sold to childless couples around the world. Bittencourt was suicided shortly after.
The truth about frogs
David Wilcock - How to Decalcify Your Pineal Gland
The Secret to Anti-gravity (TR3B) is 3M's - Magnetism, Merkaba and Mercury. 4 Minute Video Shows you Exactly How it Works
I think after the last couple of days this needed to be done. goodbye google chrome and hello fast and unbiased bing 😎
Wordpress: shadow banned 9 posts in 7 days without notice
Throw away just in case. But, someone I know was contracted to go inspect this building for a supposed "janitorial "company that wants to buy this building. This is in there. This is Jacksonville, FL. Is this what I think it is? Idk where else to post this.
Does anyone know about this?
why is this a right wing sub?
Let the shitstorm begin, Project veritas question
The Open Borders Propaganda Machine Goes Full Steam Ahead
The sad “new normal” of college campuses: three disorders common on college campuses—anorexia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder and anxiety disorders—and observed a surge in diagnosed disorders after influenza vaccination (one of the vaccines that college students are most likely to get)
U.S Navy Acknowledges: MMR Vaccine Caused Viral Mumps Outbreak
CEOs made 287 times more money than their workers in 2018 — Companies have finally started reporting CEO-worker pay ratios. Now we know why they fought so hard to avoid it.
Veritas Tweet = .@YouTube is LOSING their censorship battle. How do we know? Dozens of #BigTech insiders have come to Project Veritas in the last 24 hours.
Climate Apartheid" Is Imminent. Only the Rich Will Survive. If our global climate change catastrophe continues unchecked, vast swaths of the world will likely become harsher and far less hospitable for humanity.Leaving the poor with no alternative.
Those AOC Photos of Her Crying for Detained Children are Completely Staged
The USA doesn't get most of its oil from the Gulf; most Gulf oil flows to Asia. So why, Trump asked, was the U.S. footing the bill to protect other people's oil?
Reddit Censors r/The_Donald
Make no mistake about it... this sub will be next.
[META] Your political party does not define you.
Isn't it odd, here's the video evidence of a company claiming that it intends to interfere with the 2020 election and Adam Schiff is silent? Perhaps he only likes fake collusion stories.
NEXT? CommuniTies are at Risk. Reddit has its' own migration problem now. how far does the infection go&lt;?&gt;
How much employees at big tech companies have donated to primary presidential campaigns in Q1 2019
People predict that the %G is as much as 1000 times faster than 4G.
I decided to debunk the left-wing fake news that majority of extremist attacks in 2018 were right wing
Although deepfakes are just becoming an issue for the wider public, let’s assume that they have been available to the “elite” for at least 20 years. What videos does this bring into question?
This Louisiana “literacy test” was used to prevent black voters from voting. If they missed a single question they could not vote.
Important Website with Dem's AI plans to steal the American election Higher Ground Labs-Pschographic Listening?
How is it that /r/politics post from 18 hours ago has 43.7k upvotes for TD quarantine, but doesn't show up on /r/all?
The conspiracy subreddit is next. As more TD users migrate here, don't be surprised when Reddit comes for this forum next, as was their plan all along
Testing if they still ban the bitchute link to project Veritas’s hit piece.
Time Traveler Meets Himself in The Future in 2042 - and Made a Video
Tucker Carlson Slams Republicans for Ignoring Voters in Favor of Koch Brothers' Priorities
Memes as a new form of old propaganda
UFO CRYPTID and PARANORMAL News
Why was a post informing us of a new Trump sub removed? Abuse of the rules to favor censorship?
Reminder conspiracy: a Democrat Super PAC named share blue tires online trolls to manipulate online discussion
Reminder: Google, Who Is Attempting to Undermine America’s 2020 Election Also Funded CrowdStrike, The Firm who Claimed Russia Hacked the DNC Servers
The history of Media Matters: the left-wing organization responsible for shutting down the_donald
Mile higher podcast
I found this lil nugget
Media Matters is a democrat attack dog. A registered soros superpac thats sole purpose is to silence critics of the democrat party
In Reggio Emilia (Italy) Kids were allegedly brainwashed to be taken from family homes
far left subreddits encourage violence
Looks like Reddit finally banned “the_donald”
How does the United States make coups? Details of the attack on Venezuela
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Staged Crying For Migrant Children - New Photos Reveal The Con
Check out my new pero TRUMP and pro truth subreddit
Here we go: Vimeo Removes Project Veritas, Saying the Google Video They Posted is Defamatory /Discriminatory
Does Reddit manipulate the upvotes/downvotes?
Tucker Carlson Slams Republicans For “Doing Nothing” to Fight Big Tech Censorship
Why in the world would YouTube destroy its own platform, and enrage its entire user base to the boiling point? WHAT IF… someone is expecting a massive ‘Data Dump’ of new intel that is so game-changing that every YouTuber in the Known Cyberverse will not only want to, but NEED to report on it?
Google Bias + Reddit Quarantines on Free-Thinkers = Deep-State Creeping Up.
Dan Harmon's "Daryl"
Did the Deep State's bubble just burst? Google Trends shows Tulsi absolutely crushed it! Warren's feeble showing was only slightly less embarrassing for the Deep State than Bernie &amp; Biden's total flatline.
Actress With DNA Evidence of Her Rape at Golden Globes Mysteriously Fell Off a Cliff and Died
Did the Deep State's bubble just burst? Google Trends shows Tulsi absolutely demolished the competition. Warren's feeble showing was only slightly less embarrassing for the Deep State than Biden's total flatline.
What can one do to fight, and protect oneself from, the NWO?
Soon To Happen
Great article showing the links between US neocons and Brexiteers looking for a big slice of the pie for the fossil fuel industry post Brexit. Just what we need in Britain, more nut job old white men destroying our country.
Chrome changed my default search engine from Duckduckgo to Google overnight. They're trying to make me use it since it avoids any search related to 'The Trump Situation'.
What are the actual effects of 5G?
New PRO TRUMP SUBREDDIT! CHECK IT OUT!
How do you guys feel about aliens?
The Ashes Ashes sub talks of the conspiracy to hide the collapse of civilization and how to cope with the reality
(The Sky) We have recently noticed in Germany that someone has been trying to poison us with our own Cars. The CEO of VW was warned and has turned to the Police by himself and in Germany it means that he will not even get half the sentence
Everybody that I don't like is Hitler and must be silenced.
5D chess move
If Reddit and (whew!) Google are curating their content, does that make them liable for the content?
An End to Conspiracies
This didn't age well...
And End to Conspiracies
I have a theory about the Donald sub that got banned
Start realizing
The Guardian: Reddit 'quarantines' its biggest pro-Trump message board
Wake up ppl
Merkel shakes AGAIN during official ceremony
Twitter lifts ‘permanent’ suspension of activist Barrett Brown
The Most Powerful Corporation In The World Is Run By Kids
Angela Merkel seen shaking for second time in just over a week
New Trump subreddit which is 100% pro truth
Amazing series of new articles by David Wilcock. I don’t care what you think of him, if you read just the first part I guarantee you will learn something.
https://divinecosmos.com/davids-blog/22962-social-media-nukes
KURT COBAIN DEAD OR MURDERED??? : Bible Code
Over a year ago this image surfaced, and people said there was no agenda. With T_D gone, this image is more relevant than ever.
Bitcoin is being controlled by bots that are likely owned by a single or group of entities affiliated with governments
Why are all the Trump supporters upset about Reddit not wanting to bake their gay cake?
Bitcoin is being controlled by bots that are likely owned by a single or group of entities that are likely affiliated with governments or affiliates
I am very freaked out right now. I’m sitting alone in my living room, wanted to find a video that I didn’t know the name of, typed it in google on my phone (not link to T.V, WiFi, or YouTube), I found it, and then started typing it in on my friends Xbox.. has this happened to anyone else?
Are there any conspiracies based on the idea that a certain day never existed or was removed from the calendar?
Money is not always the motive.
O’Keefe strikes again… Video banned by Youtube…
Owner of Liverpool deli accused of selling nonkosher meat found dead
There is a bot controlled by some entity that pumps groups of alts in unison and sells them against Bitcoin in unison
This is infuriating… Welfare mom brags about ‘raping taxpayers’…
Try to post something in r/ufo it will only happen if it's a balloon or a
Smithsonian: Suppressed Archaeological Finds. Exposing the scientifically dubious roots of the Smithsonian Institute.
There is a bot controlled by some entity that pumps groups of alts in unison and sells them against Bitcoin in unison
Money is not always the motive
T_Ds quarantine was to suppress the Veritas bleak
FYI - The_Donald DOES actively support calls for violence despite what all the cry babies are claiming in this sub RN.
Reddit Admin’s/Spez/White liberals = Jim Crow
This surprised all of America. A great horned serpent looks like a dragon scared of the owner. the snake was very big with horns eyes were yellows. it's probably an unknown species. Volgograd such snakes are not found is a new unexplored species
She takes two forms! EVERYBODY LOSES!
Ufo sub says this after ever post. "Posts of this nature must be approved by a moderator" and then they post pics of a dot in the sky, or a balloon.
Difference between listening to 440hz and 432hz
The T_D quarantine isn’t real
Please tell me someone else saw what I saw.. please I’m losing my mind..
Receipt paper is covered with BPA and is a government tactic to reduce the population.
Has anyone else had loads of Ben Shapiro tweets coming up in your feed on twitter feed even though you don’t follow him
In the US, 1 in 2 women and 1 in 3 men will develop cancer in their lifetime.
British Journal of Cancer: 2 people will develop cancer in their lifetime
Explosions Los Angeles Tonight 10:57-11:00
Net Neutrality is a liberal conspiracy to censor conservative opinions
Experts warn of new tick-borne illness that attacks the brain.
Universal Basic Income From Conspiracy Point Of View
Has Anyone Requested Information Under the Freedom of Information Act?
There is an ongoing investigation occurring in Salt Lake City for a missing girl. They have an Airbnb surrounded right now where they believe she was last seen. Check this review for it
it’s not mentioned in this post but Twitter user @gaywonk worked for David Brock(media matters/CTR/Comet ping pong’s James Alefantis’s lover). They orchestrated the T_D quarantine. This is revenge for the Podesta emails &amp; Wikileaks said T_D was the best place to follow. Mods here be on alert...
State of the Disunion — Pro-Vaccination Comments Part 2
Economic ideologies (i.e. capitalism, socialism, communism) are promoted as valid political topics in order to sew divisiveness and garner support for candidates of power.
Submarines are spaceships of the ocean.
Google Searches for Tulsi Gabbard Surge Across U.S. During Debate
Holy shit... I’ve discovered PROOF that The_Donald was part of a liberal false flag attack
My Battle With Tila Tequila
The timing of T_D Being quarantined is suspicious as hell
Media: "Tulsi is an Assad apologist!!!!' but are they telling the whole story? Click &amp; let's see......
Our Orwellian Society
1984
There's a crazy conspiracy theory that the Rothschilds sank the Titanic to set up the Federal Reserve
far left subreddits encourage violence
The Bank of England and our shadowy 'private' money scam
Actress raped and allegedly fell off cliff
How well does this side-effects video compare to anti-vax beliefs on this sub?
Tim Pool not showing up in my YouTube feed as of today.
Wah Wah Wah
WTF! Anyone else seeing this?
June 2019 Numerology Predictions!
Asteroid Three Times Bigger Than Football Field to Fly By Earth on Thursday - Taurid effects?
ALERT! Federal Court declares innocent man Guilty without a Hearing
Joe Rogan discussing big tech censorship and T_D Quaratine. Recorded uploaded just now
Need Help Finding a rabbit hole to fall down.
Ministry of Truth (Breaking rule 6 for this special occasion)
Social media herds everyone into a negative bubble.
Tucker Carlson Slams Republicans for Ignoring Voters in Favor of Koch Brothers' Priorities
Bob Lazar’s hand scanner.
The same authoritarian activist that got the youtube censorship purge going last time made this tweet yesterday and now it has come true.
15 min Bar-b-q Commercial Trending on Youtube
FBI Agent plot to kill - audio included
Carbon emissions and global warming are put under a magnifying glass to distract us from caring about habitat destruction.
Google Automatically Deletes The Project Veritas Video.
How many are watching this shit show rn? literal propaganda. These people are completely disconnected from reality. I’m done.
Can we take a second to focus on the real danger to society.
If Saudi Arabia fund Al-Qaeda, then why did they kill Jamal Kashoggi, an Al-Qaeda supporter?
Can we start banning the shills?
Abby Martin and Empire Files
Found this on another sub, curious what this community thinks of the concept. Watch the video at the end
Clicking this will take you to /r/The_Donald which was Quarantined today, a few hours before the first Democratic Debate of 2019. This is my "fuck you" to the blatant censorship and manipulation that's being carried out each and every day. I'm subscribing in protest.
From Tulsi Gabbard's Facebook page during this break at the debate right now.
President Trump's pick of secretary let a rich sex offender off the hook.
Hidden Truth about HollyWood, Watch Before It Gets Deleted!!
Google Exposed by Project Veritas for Planning to Rig the 2020 Presidential Elections and not Referring videos Covering the Issue.
To all those saying “go to the press” about Google and Big Tech suppressing information and controlling internet discourse - just stop. It’s over. The internet died today. Any efforts from here on out are futile. Big Tech and TPTB won.
I saw a post defending r/TD and id like to share this to show why it was quarantined
Within just the last 48 hours. - YouTube removes video exposing Google election meddling. - Vimeo bans journalism exposing anti-Trump election meddling. - Reddit censors biggest pro-Trump forum on the Internet. But there's no political bias, honest!
Political debates aren't for working class people to attend and ask questions.
Visit r/suicideconspiracy
Dear td users: a quick primer for new subs and whats allowed
Man hears "Screaming Coming From Deep Underneath the Basement" of His House
Few weeks off of google, reddit, facebook, and Twitter.
Google Exposed by Project Veritas for Planning to Rig the 2020 Presidential Elections and not Referring videos Covering the Issue.
Remote Viewing Ancient Civilizations - a compilation of data. Groundbreaking, answers to Most:
reddit quar ban tined r/le_donald The End is near we must shit poop media
r/The_Donald under Quarantine
I'm Sure James O'Keefe and Project Veritas sharing their bombshell report of Google admitting to meddling in the 2018 mid term elections to T_D has nothing to do with it being quarantined today.
THIS JUST HIT ME :/ ....I MADE A DOCUMENT ...
It's suprising that this sub is such a Trump circle jerk
Here's a quick little conspiratorial thought. Not sure what the conspiracy is yet, still in the theorizing stage because I just thought of it 1 minute ago
So, Google's Decision to Rig the next Election using their AI. Are our decisions been controlled by Corporations?
CNN/The Guardian/Forbes etc... look at how much Fake News is salivating of the T_D quarantine. This is what happens when you dissent against Orwellian white liberalism. There are 2 sides in politics. White liberal dogma &amp; those who stand against it.
I decided to debunk the left-wing fake news that majority of extremist attacks in 2018 were right wing
AOC border photos were staged
Pt. 1 - NEW CLUES - The Zodiac Killer - 'Any which way exit out ' 'Park Ranger'
Karma is meant to be used.
Boston rabbi suggests congregants bring guns to synagogue for protection
E. Jean Caroll, who accuses DJT of rape, declared in 2012, April the 22th to be a "MASSIVE fan" of... the Apprentice.
The Nimitz Encounters (US Navy met with UFOs)
How to Rig the US Presidential Elections - The Google Way
No censorship here, look away. (DeFranco comments BEFORE and AFTER)
The Eternal Ruler (and the return of Monarchies?)
As we approach the 2020 elections and most of the web is scrubbed of all major influencers (naturalnews, infowars, NOI, etc) from the major platforms. Within these platforms a search for any influencing dissenting voice will be deleted/purged. On reddit, the next big community is /r/conspiracy.
Sen. Ted Cruz GRILLS Google Exec on Political Censorship . censorship is ramping up
All the times US politicians and Pundits have joked about killing Iranians and Middle Easterners
yummy bowl of lies
A Huge Wall 8 Miles Long Found At Bottom Of Ocean Near Bermuda
This sub is NOT a safe haven for The_Donald
Good news! The vaccine industry, (pharmaceuticals) have lost a major lawsuit because for 32 years, there was no proof that vaccines worked. No actual tests were run...all was lies.
In one devastating algorithmic stroke, Google removed many top natural health websites from their organic search results... and just happen to have $715 million partnership with GlaxoSmithKline
Country songs are just really long beer advertisements
Microchip implant
20 times independent media reported on migrant deaths during Obama/Biden Admin and no one cared or reported it
Teen Vogue Promotes "The Legacy Of Karl Marx" To Its 3.3 Million Twitter Followers. I wonder who publishes Teen Vogue.
Summary of crisis in Oregon for people who haven’t heard that much about it yet
Vaccine industry created a game to convince people that 'vaccines' work (without debate).
Get the real truth about Psychedelics and Religion.
This is why the jews killed etika hear me out!
THIS IS WHY THE JEWS KILLED ETIKA AND STAGED IT AS A SUICIDE
Why doesn't reddit want us to know the rules? Are they planning to ban this sub next?
26yo perpetual 'HS Student' Crisis Actor Claims to be A 'Survivor' of Shootings several times a year!
When you see leftists attempting to justify the censorship of opposition to their agenda by claiming it is the right of a private business, remember this private businessman had to fight the globalists all the way to the Supreme Court.
deep underground...
The NSA Smoke Detector Spy Net and the All Seeing Eye are Real! - The US Government has the ability to spy on virtually everyone, everywhere - this video explains the advanced technology used, what is known, and the Supreme Court Justice who approved all the spying making it all legal!
Pertaining to the Donald being quarantined, how do we even know the comments that were made were made by actual trump supporters and not some sort of fake account or accounts doing something on purpose?
What sent you down the rabbit hole?
Are people leaving reality without your knowledge and being replaced by bots? heres proof.. but you wont return
Gulf War 3.0 - Which Path to Persia - American Corruption
Gulf War 3.0 “Which Path to Persia?” American Corruption
Military Contractors Hacked Activist Post Following Bombshell That Several Alternative Journalists Set Up With Child Porn, Here's The Warning Shot! — Steemit
Looking for The Real Truth Behind Our False Reality
What..the actual fuck
The Truth About What Is Happening On This Planet - If you want the real truth about what is happening on this planet and why there is so much death and destruction and what the never ending wars are really about - this is one of the most important videos about the truth!
I wonder who could be behind the quarantining of /r/T_D?
An Honorable Course in Iran: End Sanctions, Resume Dialogue. Sanctions will kill vastly more Iranians than the projected 150 that would have died had Trump retaliated for the drone shootdown. Kathy Kelly, Common Dreams.
Voat has an app!
This surprised all of America. A great horned serpent looks like a dragon scared of the owner. the snake was very big with horns eyes were yellows. it's probably an unknown species. Volgograd such snakes are not found is a new unexplored species. it's amazing how it came
Could 'Deepfake' videos be used to smear Trump's 2020 campaign?
World War Three and the Reelection of Trump
I give it about a month before this sub goes down. It's been nice talking with all of you here, even you flat earthers! I'm going to miss you most of all!
Would you send your child to Sandy Hook Elementary?
FBI could be monitoring websites like Reddit, be-careful what you do on the internet
Coincidence? I THINK NOT!
The security risks of 5G
“Free Speech: Because We Can” by Aaron Swartz (Co-founder of Reddit) RIP
I think not
Anyone ever read your life contract? That "line" you put your signature on is not a line. Can someone tell me what it says?
UMG FIRE and Why You Should Be OUTRAGED
The Grand Replacement Theory
White House to Hold Social Media Summit July 11 as claims of censorship mount - WSJ
Y’all remember when ShareBlue shut down r/SandersForPresident for no reason?
DOJ rejects bid by Jeffery Epstein's 'underage victims' to dismiss plea deal and refuses to apologize for agreeing to 13-month sentence for man who allegedly sexually abused over 40 minors
All the times US politicians and Pundits have joked about killing Iranians and Middle Easterners
CDC Studies of Vax'd v unVax'd children, shocking as you'd expect.
Sport was invented to distract the masses. Any more basis to this theory?
My rant about the current world
Anyone watched the Bob Lazar doc or Rogan interview
S.c.p might be real when one was leaked on accident and people saw it and started making up fake ones as fun
When google fails...DuckDuckGo prevails
Discord server for conspiracy theories
Repeat👏🏿after👏🏿me👏🏿
r/The_Donald quarantine is a distraction.
Here's a list of left during subreddit and comments calling for violence but did not get the subreddit shutdown
Controlling the Narrative - Google Censorship and Project Veritas
If you are a 9/11 conspiracy theorist you are supporting Islamists.
First reddit puts ads in the actual feed, the next day they quarantine the Donald sub. Coincidence?
Companies like Google, YouTube, and Facebook censoring media because of political bias is in direct violation to The UN's Universal Declaration of Human Rights Articles: 12, 18, 19, 20, 21, and most importantly 30.
/r/conservative user admits to collusion with Russians!
Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power” ― Benito Mussolini
Urgent to watch? After the appearance of UFOs in Volgograd there was a huge horned snake. A great horned serpent looks like a dragon scared of the owner. the snake was very big with horns eyes were yellows. it's probably an unknown species
Was Johnny Depp's new movie 'City of Lies' suppressed for exposing LAPD corruption?
What is next on Project Veritas agenda? Reddit?
I know people who hate TD would Neverrrrr go into TD and say violent things to get them banned
NSA are Zionists
Another one bites the dust banhammer. The fascists are having fun today
Why does the NSA support Zionism?
Just a compilation of highly upvotes r/politics comments calling for violence against cops
what do you think is in Antarctica
Wayback Machine copy of Dmitri Khalezov's 911thology.com website
Men in Black captured on tape?
Not The First Time Dems, Intel and MSM Have Run This Hoax
Crossing the Rubicon
Was Johnny Depp's new movie 'City of Lies' suppressed for exposing LAPD corruption?
Ready Player One Nazi?
Project Veritas received $1.7 million last year from charity associated with the Koch brothers
Here is the chat where Reddit admins plotted to take down the_Donald for comments they would plant themselves - and spez himself admitted to editing T_D users comments
What's the Plan For When r/conspiracy Gets Censorsed? Where's the Mass Exodus gonna Go?
"Mom 'disturbed' by pedophile lusting over her 12-year-old drag queen son" What the hell do the parents of these kids think will happen? Desmond has been photographed with a naked drag queen, danced in a gay strip bar, was shown at Times Square with a pedo swirl on his head, etc etc.
Corporations in the US are now officially bigger than the state itself
Go look at it? A great horned serpent looks like a dragon scared of the owner. the snake was very big with horns eyes were yellows. it's probably an unknown species
The_Donald was Quarantined 48 hours after Carlos Maza and Media Matters targeted the sub
The_Donald suspended
